a portion of their accounts in the common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund at the time of the stock offering.
information regarding the plan of stock issuance, Atlantic Coast Federal
sales by Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation of interests or shares of Common
Offering:                   the Plan to the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
Coast Federal Corporation common stock offered for
With Funds in the Personal  Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation in the offering
The Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund invests
primarily in the common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
100% of your Plan account in the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
you may also elect to transfer into the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock
The Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund consists primarily of
investments in the common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
investments in the common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
investments in the common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund, including cash dividends paid on
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock have been issued or are
performance of the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund depends on a number of
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock generally.
Investments in the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund involve
serve as the trustee of the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
trustee of the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Stock Fund.
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Common Stock Included in Lump-Sum
subsequent sale, equals the value of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock, to the extent of the amount of
disposition of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock, in excess of the
balance in the Plan in Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock, the
ownership of the Common Stock through the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
stock resulting from non-exempt purchases and sales of Atlantic Coast Federal
Coast Federal Corporation stock fund for six months after receiving such a
The stock offering to the depositors of Atlantic Coast Federal will end
Directors and executive officers of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation,
market value of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation on a fully converted basis
stock to be issued by Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation will range from
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation at the completion of the stock offering.
(2)     The Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Employee Stock Ownership
IMPORTANT RISKS IN OWNING ATLANTIC COAST FEDERAL CORPORATION'S COMMON STOCK
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation's common stock after the stock offering.
sold in the offering by the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Employee Stock
HOLDERS OF ATLANTIC COAST FEDERAL CORPORATION COMMON STOCK MAY NOT BE ABLE TO
The net offering proceeds to Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation are
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal and $50,000 in cash it received from
Coast Federal, the net proceeds it retains from the stock offering and its loan
to the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan and it
33Atlantic Coast Federal, MHC's principal assets are the common stock of
its investment in a majority of the common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal
from the sale of shares of common stock retained by Atlantic Coast Federal
Corporation's loan to the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Employee Stock
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation has never issued capital stock, other
by Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation following the stock offering and presented
funds loaned by Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation following the stock offering and
common and preferred stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation will be
(5)     Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation intends to adopt a restricted stock
capital of Atlantic Coast Federal after giving effect to the stock offering,
the investment of the net proceeds received by Atlantic Coast Federal in assets
Supervision has approved Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation's plan of stock
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation is offering for sale its common stock
The proceeds from the sale of common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
to extend a loan to the Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation Employee Stock
Following completion of the stock offering, Atlantic Coast Federal
stock offering, Atlantic Coast Federal will continue to provide services for
Atlantic Coast Federal, respectively, after the stock offering.
majority of the outstanding common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation,
common stock, which is Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation, would be entitled to
Coast Federal Corporation, each holder of shares of the common stock would be
material federal income tax consequences of the stock offering on Atlantic Coast
o       the impact of the stock offering on Atlantic Coast Federal's net
form, the number of shares of common stock that Atlantic Coast Federal
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock, up to $500,000 or 50,000 shares
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock, up to $500,000 or 50,000 shares
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock, up to $500,000 or 50,000 shares
number of shares of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock which may be
sale of shares of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock in the direct
Sales of shares of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock will
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock in those states where the law
No officer, director or employee of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
No officer, director or employee of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
Atlantic Coast Federal, unless the stock offering has not been completed within
shares of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation common stock in the subscription
Purchases of common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation by
lending activities of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation include deposits,
affected by Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation's provisions for loan losses,
thrift, Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation has recorded income tax expense based
The investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock increased approximately
The investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock increased approximately
equity is primarily due to Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation's net income of
card loan portfolio, and Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation currently does not
Capital Analysis," the stock offering will increase Atlantic Coast Federal's
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
Atlantic Coast Federal's loan portfolio at March 31, 2004 and December 31, 2003.
stock offering, the board of directors of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
401(k) Plan may use the funds to purchase the stock of Atlantic Coast Federal
of shares of common stock held by persons other than Atlantic Coast Federal,
of the stock offering by Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation, no person other
Atlantic Coast Federal, MHC which, after the stock offering, will own at least a
majority of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation's common stock.
The common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation will represent
outstanding common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
outstanding common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
outstanding common stock of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation.
subsidiary of Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation ("the Stock Company"), which