connection with the offering of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Oil
shares from Oil States International stockholders at the public offering price,
Inc., a transaction which we refer to as the "Combination." SCF-III, L.P. currently owns a majority interest in Oil States, HWC and PTI, and SCF-IV, L.P. currently owns a majority interest in Sooner.
connection technology for offshore oil and gas development and production
- workover services, which enhance oil and gas production flow;
services depend on oil and gas industry expenditure levels, our results may
shares of common stock to SCF in exchange for approximately $36 million of
Because Oil States, HWC, PTI and Sooner have historically been operated
volatile, ranging from less than $1.25 per MMBtu to above $10.00 per MMBtu. These price changes have caused oil and gas companies and drilling contractors
offshore products and well site services segments, particularly our patents
(3) Includes the results of Oil States, HWC and PTI on a pro forma combined
(3) Includes the results of Oil States, HWC and PTI on a pro forma combined
We provide a broad range of products and services to the oil and gas
tubular products and services depend upon the overall level of drilling activity
The financial results of Oil States, HWC and PTI have been combined for the
business segments, offshore products and well site services.
business segments, offshore products and well site services.
Operating income for our well site services segment decreased $0.4 million
products segment and by $16.5 million, or 23.7%, in our well site services
products segment and by $16.5 million, or 23.7%, in our well site services
products and well site services segments increased $16.1 million and $8.5
increase in our well site services segment, $6.6 million was related to our
Operating income for our offshore products segment increased by
operating income from our well site services segment over the same period.
operating income from our well site services segment over the same period.
We are a leading provider of specialty products and services to oil and gas
We are a leading provider of specialty products and services to oil and gas
products and services to the offshore oil and gas industry.
We operate in the oilfield service industry, which provides products and
We operate in the oilfield service industry, which provides products and
services to oil and gas exploration and production companies for use in the
services to oil and gas exploration and production companies for use in the
provide additional products and services to our customers.
services provided by our offshore products segment.
technical products and services for use in offshore drilling and development
Workover products and services are used in operations on a
These products and services include hydraulic workover units for offshore
products for use in the offshore and onshore oil and gas industry, including:
Our remote site products and services operations
Our remote site logistics products and services business offers several
gas production management services company.