Provident Financial Services, Inc. to sell its common stock in the offering in
common stock of Provident Financial Services, Inc. will be listed on the New
Estimated net proceeds to Provident Financial Services, Inc.
Estimated net proceeds per share to Provident Financial Services, Inc..
income increased to $12.0 million for the six months ended June
Provident Financial Services, Inc. As a stock savings bank, we intend to
shares of common stock to a charitable foundation established by The Provident
The Provident Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan, which we refer to as the ESOP,
shares in the offering, or positive changes in financial markets in general and
We are offering the shares of common stock of Provident Financial
The shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription offering will be
market value of Provident Financial Services, Inc. ranged from a minimum of
common stock being sold by Provident Financial Services, Inc. will range from
The estimated pro forma market value of Provident Financial
Commercial real estate loans increased $18.4 million or 4.47% at September
loans is attributable to an increase of $8.7 million in mortgage warehouse lines
income on deposit accounts, loan servicing fee income and increases in the cash
on deposit accounts, loan servicing fee income and increases in the cash
effective tax rate of 23.2%, compared to $8.0 million for the nine months ended
increased from $197.1 million or 14.1% of our total loan portfolio, at December
the common stock sold in the offering with funds borrowed from Provident
financial services companies, fund new loans, purchase investment securities,
no significant assets other than shares of common stock of The Provident Bank
reflect a change in the estimated pro forma market value of Provident Financial
Services, Inc. and The Provident Bank or if our ESOP purchases shares in the
Provident Financial Services, Inc. The common stock acquired by the ESOP is
shares of common stock sold in the offering is purchased by the recognition
in the offering with a loan from Provident Financial Services,
equity of Provident Financial Services, Inc. for the six months ended June 30,
Offering," Provident Financial Services, Inc. intends to invest 50% of the net
Provident Bank's outstanding common stock, make a loan to the ESOP, and retain
Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings increased $7.5 million or 5.2% to $152.1
Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings increased $7.5 million or 5.2% to $152.1
loan losses for the six months ended June 30, 2002 was $1.2 million, no change
deposit accounts, loan servicing fee income and increases in the cash surrender