
S-1/A
1
s108757_s1a.htm
S-1/A



     



  

 As filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on January 22, 2018 

 

 Registration No. 333-221957 

 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 





 



 AMENDMENT NO. 1  

 TO 



FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

 



 

 



MTech Acquisition Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    6770
     
    82-2932611

    (State or other jurisdiction of
                                   incorporation or organization)
     
    (Primary Standard Industrial
                                   Classification Code Number)
     
    (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number)

 

10124 Foxhurst Court, 

Orlando, Florida 32836

(407) 345-8332

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)

 



 

 

Scott Sozio

Chief Executive Officer
MTech Acquisition Corp.
10124 Foxhurst Court, 

Orlando, Florida 32836

(407) 345-8332

 

(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)

 



 



 

Copies to:

 



    Douglas S. Ellenoff, Esq. 
Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10105
Telephone: (212) 370-1300
     
    David Alan Miller, Esq. 
Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq.
Graubard Miller
The Chrysler Building
405 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10174
Telephone: (212) 818-8800

 



 

 

Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration
statement.

 

If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☐

 

If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. ☐

 

If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐

 

If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 



    Large accelerated
    filer
     
    ☐
     
     
     
    Accelerated filer
     
    ☐

    Non-accelerated filer
     
     ☒
     
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting
    company)
     
    Smaller reporting company
     
    ☐

     
     
     
     
     
     
    Emerging growth company
     
    ☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act.
☐

 



     
     
    

   

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

 



     Title of each Class of Security being registered    
     Amount being Registered    
     Proposed
    Maximum Offering
    Price Per Security(1)       
     Proposed
    Maximum Aggregate
    Offering Price(1)       
     Amount of Registration Fee    

     Units,
    each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $.0001 par value, and one redeemable Warrant(2)    
     5,750,000 Units    
     $  10.00       
     $  57,500,000       
     $  7,159    

     Shares
    of Class A common stock included as part of the Units(2)    
     5,750,000 Shares    
        —       
        —       
        —  (3) 

     Redeemable
    Warrants included as part of the Units(2)    
     5,750,000 Warrants    
        —       
        —       
        —  (3) 

     Units underlying the Representative’s Unit Purchase
    Option (“Representative’s Units”)    
     250,000 Units    
     $  10.00       
     $  2,500,000       
     $  312    

     Shares included as part of the Representative’s
    Units    
     250,000 Shares    
        —       
        —       
        —  (3) 

     Redeemable Warrants included
    as part of the Representative’s Units    
     250,000 Warrants    
        —       
        —       
        —  (3) 

     Total    
          
                
     $  60,000,000       
     $  7,471  (4) 


 



 




(1)Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee.


 (2)  Includes 750,000 Units, 750,000 shares of Class A common stock
                                         and 750,000 redeemable Warrants underlying such Units which may be issued on exercise
                                         of a 45-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. 


(3)No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).




 (4)  Previously paid. 




 

The registrant hereby amends this registration
statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment
which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant
to said Section 8(a), may determine.

 







     
     
    

 

The information in this preliminary prospectus
is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to
buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.

 

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION,
DATED JANUARY 22, 2018 

 

PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS

$50,000,000
MTech Acquisition Corp.
5,000,000 Units

 

MTech Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company formed for
the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our
efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we
intend to focus on companies ancillary to the cannabis industry, with a particular sector focus that includes compliance, business
intelligence, brand development and media. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not
(nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions,
formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem 100% of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock that were sold as part of the units in this offering, which we refer
to collectively as our public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account net of interest that may be used by us to pay
our franchise and income taxes payable and up to $15,000 of any remaining interest for dissolution expenses, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described
herein.

 

 This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each
unit that we are offering has a price of $10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant.
Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50. Each warrant will become
exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this
offering and will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. We have granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 units to cover over-allotments,
if any. 

 

MTech Sponsor LLC, which we refer to throughout this prospectus
as our “sponsor” or “initial stockholder,” has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 225,000 units,
or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private placement that
will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised
by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a maximum of 18,750 founders’
units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00
per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased in a private placement that
will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The founders’
units are identical to the units sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus.

 

In September 2017, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,437,500
shares of our Class B common stock, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “founders’ shares.” The
founders’ shares include an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’
over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial stockholder will continue to own 20.0% of our issued
and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming such stockholder does not purchase units in this offering and not including
the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units). The shares of Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to
adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued
or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, the
ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance
or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common
stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding
upon completion of this offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units) plus all
shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination,
excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination or pursuant
to units (and their underlying securities) issued to our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, after taking into account
any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the business combination. Holders of the Class B common stock and
holders of the Class A common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders,
except as required by law.

 

There is presently no public market for our units, shares of
common stock or warrants. We have applied to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “MTECU”.
We expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and
warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 90th day following the date of this prospectus unless
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our filing a Current Report on
Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing
a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading,
the Class A common stock and warrants will be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols “MTEC” and “MTECW,” respectively.

 

We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in
the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and will therefore be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements.

 

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 22 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered
in connection with an investment in our securities.

 

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

 



      
    Per Unit  
    Total 

    Public Offering Price 
    $10.00  
    $50,000,000 

    Underwriting Discount(1) 
    $0.25  
    $1,250,000 

    Proceeds to MTech Acquisition Corp. (before expenses) 
    $9.75  
    $48,750,000 





 



 




(1)The underwriters will receive additional compensation to the underwriting discount. Please see the section titled “Underwriting”
for further information relating to the underwriting arrangements agreed to between us and the underwriters in this offering.

 

Upon consummation of the offering, $10.00 per unit sold to the
public in this offering (regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) will be deposited into a
U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.
Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of a business
combination and our redemption of our public shares (which may not occur until                           , 2019).

 

 The underwriters are offering the units on a firm commitment
basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to purchasers on or about                     , 2018. 

 

Sole Book-Running Manager

EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.

 

            ,
2018 

 







     
     
    

  

You should rely only on the information contained in this
prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not,
and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted.

 

MTech Acquisition Corp.

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 



       
       
     Page 

     Prospectus
    Summary 
       
     1 

     Summary
    Financial Data 
    
     21 

     Risk
    Factors 
       
     22 

     Cautionary
    Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
       
     44 

     Use
    of Proceeds 
       
     45 

     Dividend
    Policy 
       
     49 

     Dilution 
       
     50 

     Capitalization 
       
     52 

     Management’s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
     53 

     Proposed
    Business 
       
     57 

     Management 
       
     79 

     Principal
    Stockholders 
       
     87 

     Certain
    Transactions 
       
     90 

     Description
    of Securities 
       
     93 

     Shares
    Eligible for Future Sale 
       
     101 

     Material
    U.S. Federal Tax Considerations 
       
     103 

     Underwriting 
       
     110 

     Legal
    Matters 
       
     119 

     Experts 
       
     119 

     Where
    You Can Find Additional Information 
       
     120 

     Index
    to Financial Statements 
       
     F-1 






 



    i 
     
    

  

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

 

 This summary only highlights the more detailed information
appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider
in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk
Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. References
in this prospectus to “we,” “us” or “our company” refer to MTech Acquisition Corp. References
in this prospectus to our “public shares” are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in this
offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to “public stockholders”
refer to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor (as defined below), officers and directors to the extent they
purchase public shares, provided that their status as “public stockholders” shall only exist with respect to such
public shares. References in this prospectus to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our
officers and directors, references to our “sponsor” refer to MTech Sponsor LLC. Our chairman, Steven Van Dyke, and
our president and one of our directors, Scott Sozio, are the managing members of one of our sponsor’s managing members and
each of our officers, directors and director nominees is a member of our sponsor or owns, indirectly, membership interests in
our sponsor through a managing member entity. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the
underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. 

 

General

 

We are a newly organized blank check company formed as a
Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business
combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone one our behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Our initial business combination and
value creation strategy will be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, assist in the growth of a business
ancillary to the cannabis industry, with a particular sector focus that includes compliance, business intelligence, brand development
and media. However, we are not limited to this industry and we may pursue a business combination opportunity in any business or
industry we choose and we may pursue a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States.

 

Although the cannabis industry has evolved significantly and
continues to mature, we believe the industry is still undercapitalized and companies operating across multiple verticals consistently
have trouble accessing capital from traditional resources. Financing of businesses that operate within the legal cannabis industry
in the U.S. has relied largely on private money — friends and family, high net-worth individuals and small-to-medium-sized private
investment firms. Institutional investors have shied away from companies in the cannabis industry, especially those that are directly
involved in the production, distribution and sale of cannabis (businesses that “touch the plant”), which we do not
intend to target. Even businesses that do not “touch the plant” and instead provide ancillary services to the industry,
for the most part, have found it extremely difficult to access capital. The federal prohibition on cannabis has led to a situation
in which small investors and venture funds have become the industry’s financial backbone. As a result, we believe we have
the opportunity to create a compelling structure that will enable the right target company to go public and access the capital
it needs in order to accelerate its organic growth and also create additional stakeholder value as a well-capitalized acquirer
in an industry defined by undercapitalized competition. We will not invest in an entity or assets which violate, or aid and abet
the violation, of federal law.

 

Our management team is an experienced group of deal makers and
operators that have been investing in the cannabis industry since 2014, with transactions focused on ancillary cannabis companies
in the compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media sectors of the industry. Our management team has collectively
invested over $30 million in cannabis-related businesses in the last 3+ years, more than half of which is personal capital. In
2016, Steven Van Dyke and Scott Sozio, both members of our management team, founded Hypur Ventures, L.P. (“Hypur Ventures”),
a venture capital fund dedicated to investing in businesses that operate in the cannabis industry. Hypur Ventures is fully invested
with positions in eight portfolio companies engaged in various aspects of the cannabis industry not “touching the plant”,
including compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media. Our management believes its investments have established
market leadership positions and emerging track records of customer acquisition in this high-growth industry. We believe our management
team’s history of completing cannabis transactions and building businesses that require creative solutions give us a unique
ability to combine with an attractive company in this industry.

 



     1 
     
    

  

Our management team is led by Steven Van Dyke, our Chairman,
who has more than 30 years of capital management experience, having founded and run two hedge funds with over $1 billion in assets
under management, most recently as founding partner of New York-based BHR Capital LLC. Mr. Van Dyke built his career and reputation
around his expertise in alternative investments, including restructurings, venture capital and real estate. We believe that our
management team is well positioned to identify high-growth acquisition opportunities in the marketplace and that our network within
the cannabis industry is uniquely deep. The relationships our management team has established within the industry cover the major
geographies where cannabis has been legalized, including Colorado, Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and
other emerging legal-cannabis states. In addition to the industry relationships we have with management teams in the cannabis industry
through our existing investments, our network includes professionals that provide services to the industry, including cannabis-focused
attorneys, investment bankers, lenders, accountants and advisors.

 

Business Strategy

 

Our strategy will be to invest in businesses that are ancillary
to the production, distribution and sale of cannabis, with a particular focus on three segments of the industry:

 

●            Compliance:
We believe the businesses that succeed in these early years of legal cannabis will be the ones that make compliance with state
regulations an operational priority, driving decision-making at all levels of the company. We believe that investing in compliance
services will be critical to the success of the industry in the long-term.

 

●             Business
Intelligence: Cannabis is in the very early stages of discovery. Companies need tools to understand and analyze their business,
in many cases without the ability to borrow from other industries. We believe cannabis presents a unique set of challenges, as
a highly-regulated industry that operates within a network of conflicting federal and state laws. As a result, ancillary businesses
that provide services to other industries, and would under normal circumstances make their products and technologies available
to the cannabis industry, have instead stayed out of the market. The void is being filled by companies dedicated to the cannabis
industry, in many cases designing custom-built technology.

 

●             Brands
& Media: Cannabis is an industry defined by a lack of information and misinformation. We believe that brands and media
will play a critical role in supplying consumers with the knowledge and confidence to patronize the category.

 

Competitive Strengths

 

In order to execute our business strategy, we intend to:

 

●            Utilize
our management team’s extensive sourcing network to identify the leading companies and assets servicing the cannabis industry
that we believe are underperforming, and leverage our network to streamline the diligence process, achieving a deep level of understanding
of a target’s business. Our management’s expertise in finance and our
reputation in the industry as active investors has enabled us to build strong relationships with company owners, executives, stakeholders,
industry experts, consultants, professionals and financial intermediaries. We believe these relationships will help provide us
with attractive acquisition opportunities. We also intend to rely on our management team’s reputation and history of investing
and operating in the finance and cannabis industries. Understanding the dynamics, competitors, trends, risks, and opportunities
of the segment enables us to target selected companies and efficiently pursue a potential transaction. 

 



     2 
     
    

  

●            Conduct
rigorous research and analysis. Performing disciplined, bottom-up fundamental research and analysis is core to our strategy, and
we intend to conduct extensive due diligence to evaluate the impact that a transaction may have on a target business.

 

●            Acquire
the target company at an attractive price relative to our view of intrinsic value. Combining analysis and input from industry and
financial experts, we intend to develop our view of the intrinsic value of a potential business combination. In doing so, our management
team will evaluate future cash flow potential, relative industry valuation metrics and precedent transactions to inform its view
of intrinsic value, with the intention of creating a business combination at an attractive price relative to such intrinsic value.

 

●            Implement
operational and financial structuring opportunities. We intend to structure and execute a business combination that will provide
the combined business with a capital structure that will support the growth in shareholder value and give it the flexibility to
grow organically and/or through strategic acquisitions or divestitures. We also intend to develop and implement strategies to improve
the business’s operational and financial performance and create a platform for growth. Specifically, our management team
intends to evaluate opportunities for industry consolidation in the company’s core lines of business as well as opportunities
to vertically or horizontally integrate with other industry participants.

 

●            Leverage
Advisors. We expect to have access to various advisors through Hypur Ventures, who are experts in specific verticals of the cannabis
industry. If we choose to retain them, we expect that they will assist our management team by providing deal flow and industry
intelligence, affording us a competitive advantage. Such advisors, if retained, may offer unique, on-the-ground access and insight
into this rapidly evolving industry, specifically as it relates to our main industry focus — compliance, business intelligence,
brand development and media.

 

With respect to the foregoing examples, past performance of
our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii)
that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical
performance record of our management as indicative of our future performance. Our officers and directors have not had management
experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. In addition, for a list of our
executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and the company, as well
as the priority and preference that such entity has with respect to performance of obligations and presentation of business opportunities
to us, please refer to the table and subsequent explanatory paragraph under “Management — Conflicts of Interest”.


 

Acquisition Criteria

 

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the
following criteria that we intend to use in evaluating business transaction opportunities. We expect that no individual criterion
will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular business transaction opportunity
which we ultimately determine to pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria. Notwithstanding anything below, we will not
invest in an entity or assets which violate, or aid and abet the violation, of federal law. We will seek a business transaction
with a company that is:

 

●            Ancillary:
Does not touch the plant, allowing the business to be unconstrained by state borders.

 

●            Able
to Build Infrastructure: Our management believes that technology-driven solutions to operational challenges in a nascent industry
and complex regulatory environment have a unique window of opportunity to create infrastructure that will grow with the industry.


 



     3 
     
    

  

●            Scalable:
We believe the cannabis industry is in an explosive growth phase and our goal is to invest in the businesses that are built to
scale faster than the competition.

 

In addition, target businesses may be one or several of the
following:

 

●            Underperforming.
 

●            Undervalued.
 

●            Have
Sustainable Competitive Advantages.  

●            Have
Strong Management Teams.  

●            Will
Benefit from Being a Public Company.  

●            Is
a Merger Candidate.  

●            Offers
attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders.

 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation
relating to the merits of a particular initial business transaction may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines
as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we find an
opportunity that is more compelling to us than the opportunities described above, we would pursue such opportunity. However, we
have not established any particular parameters as to when we might turn our attention to opportunities that are not described above.
In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business transaction with a target business that does not meet the above
criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business transaction.

 

Direct Involvement Post-Transaction

 

Because our management team knows what it is like to operate
in the cannabis industry, we understand the everyday challenges confronting other management teams in this industry. Not only do
we bring capital and resources to our investments, but we have the ability to anticipate their needs and equip them with solutions.
After the initial business combination, our management team intends to apply a rigorous approach to enhancing shareholder value,
including evaluating the experience and expertise of incumbent management and making changes when appropriate, examining opportunities
for revenue enhancement, cost savings, operating efficiencies and strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and accessing the financial
markets to optimize the company’s capital structure. We will pursue post-merger initiatives through participation on the
board of directors, through direct involvement with company operations and/or calling upon a stable of former managers and advisors
when necessary, described in greater detail under the heading “Proposed Business” elsewhere in this prospectus.

 

Effecting a Business Combination

 

We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of
whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by
means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described
herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow stockholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval.
Unlike other blank check companies which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial
business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combinations
even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote and allow our stockholders
to sell their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In that case, we will
file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only
if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of
the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.

 



     4 
     
    

  

We will have until 18 months from the closing of this offering
to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time
period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and
income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price
to be approximately $10.00 per share of Class A common stock (regardless of whether or not the underwriters exercise their over-allotment
option), without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able
to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders.

 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on NASDAQ, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value
of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be
determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual
and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted
standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards
generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board
of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value
of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able independently to determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria.

 

We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to
acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business
combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of
the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but
we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to
the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling
interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately
prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the
post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes
of the 80% fair market value test.

 



     5 
     
    

 



We are not prohibited from consummating an initial business
combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors so long as we have obtained an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type
of target business we are seeking to acquire, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the
business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view.



  

As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts
of Interest”, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within
the line of business of any entity to which he has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our directors
currently have, and any of our officers or directors may in the future have, certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations.
Our executive officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any
other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into
a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination
within the required time period.

 

JOBS Act

 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act) and will remain such for up to five years. However,
if our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period exceeds $1 billion or our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion, or
the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second
fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an
emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised
accounting standards.

 

Private Placements to Initial Stockholder

 

In September 2017, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,437,500
shares of our Class B common stock, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “founders’ shares,” for
an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. The founders’ shares include an aggregate of up
to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full
or in part, so that our initial stockholder will continue to own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering
(assuming such stockholder does not purchase units in this offering and not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the founders’ units). The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at
the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that
additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered
in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall
convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class
B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering (not including the shares
of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or
to be issued, to any seller in the business combination or pursuant to units (and their underlying securities) issued to our sponsor
upon conversion of working capital loans, after taking into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with
the business combination). Holders of the Class B common stock and holders of the Class A common stock will vote together as a single
class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law.

 



     6 
     
    

 

MTech Sponsor LLC, which we refer to throughout this prospectus
as our “sponsor” or “initial stockholder,” has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 225,000 units,
or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private placement that
will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised
by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a maximum of 18,750 founders’
units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00
per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased in a private placement that
will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The founders’
units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the warrants underlying the founders’ units (the “founders’
warrants”): (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this
prospectus, so long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. The proceeds from the private placement
of the founders’ units will be added to the proceeds of this offering and placed in a U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. If we do not complete an initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the founders’ units will be included in
the liquidating distribution to our public stockholders and the founders’ warrants will expire worthless.

 

Our executive offices are located at 10124 Foxhurst Court, Orlando,
Florida 32836 and our telephone number is (407) 345-8332.

 



     7 
     
    

  

The Offering

 



     Securities offered 
       
     5,000,000
    units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one warrant. 

     
     
     

    Listing
    of our securities and proposed symbols
     
    We
    anticipate the units, and the shares of Class A common stock and warrants once they begin separate trading, will be listed
    on Nasdaq under the symbols “MTECU,” “MTEC” and “MTECW,” respectively.

     
     
     

    Trading
    commencement and separation of Class A common stock and redeemable warrants
     
    The
    units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and redeemable warrants
    comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 90th day following the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital,
    Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form
    8-K described below and having issued a press release and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate
    trading will begin.

     
     
     

       
       
     Once
    the shares of Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold
    units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent
    in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. 

     
     
     

     
     
    In
    no event will the Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
    with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering.
    We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place
    three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following
    the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide
    updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. We will also include
    the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. has allowed
    separate trading of the Class A common stock and warrants prior to the 90th day after the date of this prospectus.

 



     8 
     
    

  



    Units:
     
     

     
     
     

    Number
    outstanding before this offering
     
    0
    units

     
     
     

    Number
    outstanding after this offering and private placement
     
    5,225,000
    units

     
     
     

    Shares
    of common stock:
     
     

     
     
     

    Number
    outstanding before this offering
     
    1,437,500
    shares(1)

     
     
     

    Number
    to be outstanding after this offering and private placement
     
    6,475,000
    shares(2)(3)

     
     
     

    Redeemable
    Warrants:
     
     

     
     
     

    Number
    outstanding before this offering
     
    0
    warrants

     
     
     

     Number
    to be outstanding after this offering and private placement 
       
     5,225,000
    warrants 

     
     
     

     Exercisability 
       
     Each
    warrant is exercisable for one share of Class A common stock. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days
    after the completion of an initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants will
    expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or
    earlier upon redemption. The period of time from the date the warrants will first become exercisable until the expiration
    of the warrants shall hereafter be referred to as the “exercise period.” 

     
     
     

    Exercise
    price
     
    $11.50.
    No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares
    of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A
    common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable
    upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business
    combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
    we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the
    exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such
    exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
    warrants on a cashless basis.

 



 




(1)This number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 founders’ shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised by the underwriters in full. Founders’ shares are classified as shares of Class B common stock, which
shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment as described below adjacent to the caption “Founders’ shares conversion and anti-dilution
rights.”


(2)Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founders’ shares have been forfeited.


(3)Excludes the securities underlying the underwriters’ unit purchase option.



     9 
     
    

 



    Redemption
    and Amendment
     
    We
    may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the founders’ warrants and any other warrants underlying units we may
    issue to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans as described in this prospectus, but
    including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued to EarlyBirdCapital and/or its
    designees) in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant at any time during the exercise period, upon a minimum
    of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, if, and only if, the last sales price of our shares of common stock
    equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
    for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption;
    and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
    underlying such warrants.

     
     
     

     
     
    If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of common stock may fall below the $18.00 trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

     
     
     

     
     
    If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to
exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the
warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value”
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for the five trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

     
     
     

     
     
    Our
                                         warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental
                                         Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
                                         that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
                                         any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the
                                         approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants in order to
                                         make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.




     
     
     

    Securities purchased, or being purchased, by insiders
     
    Our initial stockholder has purchased an aggregate of 1,437,500 founders’ shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. The 1,437,500 founders’ shares includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full or in part. The initial stockholder will be required to forfeit only a number of shares of Class B common stock necessary to continue to maintain the 20.0% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units) and exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. The initial stockholder has agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination.

 



     10 
     
    

  



    
         
         
     
    Furthermore, the founders’ shares are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below under the heading “Founders’ shares conversion and anti-dilution rights.”

     
     
     

     
     
    Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 225,000 units, or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a maximum of 18,750 founders’ units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The amounts to be paid upon consummation of the private placement will be placed in escrow with our counsel prior to the consummation of this offering. The founders’ units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the underlying founders’ warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. If the founders’ warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the founders’ warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the founders’ warrants will expire worthless. 

 



     11 
     
    

  



    Restrictions on transfer of founders’ shares and founders’ units
     
    On the date of this prospectus, the founders’ shares will be placed into an escrow account maintained in New York, New York by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our business combination, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period, and the remaining 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. The limited exceptions include transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our officers, directors, consultants, advisors or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity’s members, (iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions.

     
     
     

     
     
    Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founders’ units, shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units, or founders’ warrants, including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the founders’ warrants (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares may be transferred as described above), until after the completion of our initial business combination.

     
     
     

    Founders’ shares conversion and anti-dilution rights
     
    The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of this offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination or pursuant to units (and their underlying securities) issued to our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, after taking into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the business combination. The term “equity-linked securities” refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be “deemed issued” for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities.

 



     12 
     
    

  



    Voting
     
    Holders of the Class B common stock and holders of the Class A common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Each share of common stock shall have one vote.

     
     
     

    Offering
    proceeds to be held in trust
     
    $50,000,000,
                                         or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of net proceeds of
                                         this offering and the sale of the founders’ units will be placed in a U.S. —
                                         based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer
                                         & Trust Company, New York, New York, as trustee, or $10.00 per public unit (regardless
                                         of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) pursuant
                                         to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Except as set forth below,
                                         the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the
                                         completion of an initial business combination and our redemption of 100% of the outstanding
                                         public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period.
                                         Therefore, unless and until an initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds
                                         held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related
                                         to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection
                                         of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business.




 



     13 
     
    

  



     
     
    Notwithstanding
    the foregoing, there can be released to us from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that
    we need to pay our franchise and income taxes and up to $15,000 of any remaining interest for any liquidation expenses. With
    these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering
    not held in the trust account (initially estimated to be $500,000); provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital
    needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our sponsor,
    officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in
    whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes
    would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the holder’s discretion,
    up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. These units would be identical to
    the founders’ units. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven.

     
     
     

     
     
    None
    of the warrants may be exercised until the later of 30 days after the consummation of a business combination or 12 months
    from the closing of this offering and, thus, after the proceeds of the trust account have been disbursed. Accordingly, the
    warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account.

     
     
     

    Limited
    payments to insiders
     
    There
    will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates for any
    services they render prior to, or in order to effectuate the consummation of, an initial business combination (regardless
    of the type of transaction that it is) other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of
    this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:

     
     
     

       
       
     ●         repayment
    at the closing of an aggregate of $130,000 of advances made by our sponsor; 

     
     
     

     
     
    ●      payment
    of an aggregate of $10,000 per month to our sponsor for office space and related services; and

     
     
     

     
     
    ●      reimbursement
    of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating
    possible target businesses and business combinations.

     
     
     

     
         
     
    There
    is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements
    and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director
    abstaining from such review and approval.

 



     14 
     
    

  



    Stockholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination
     
    In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. If enough stockholders tender their shares so that we are unable to satisfy any applicable closing condition set forth in the definitive agreement related to our initial business combination, or we are unable to maintain net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation, we will not consummate such initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Unlike other blank check companies which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.

 



     15 
     
    

  



     
     
    We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.

     
     
     

     
     
    Our sponsor has agreed (i) to vote any founders’ shares and shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units in favor of any proposed business combination, (ii) not to convert any such shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (iii) not to sell any such shares to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination. As a result, we would need only 1,762,501, or approximately 35.3%, of the 5,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting). Any permitted transferees of such securities will be subject to the same obligations as our sponsor.

     
     
     

     
     
    None of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of Class A common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, either before or after we mail a proxy statement related to the proposed business combination, in order to influence any vote held to approve a proposed initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of Class A common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock.

 



     16 
     
    

  



    Conversion rights
     
    In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account.

     
     
     

     
     
    We may also require public stockholders seeking conversion, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) physically tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder’s election to convert his shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder.

     
     
     

     
     
    We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation. In connection with any proposed business combination, a target business could impose a working capital closing condition or require us to have a higher minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination. As a result, the foregoing may limit the number of shares that we can have converted and still consummate such business combination.

     
     
     

    Liquidation if no business combination
     
    If we are unable to complete an initial business combination by 18 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable, including dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we are required to use our reasonable best efforts to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. There is also no guarantee that the third parties would not challenge the enforceability of these waivers and bring claims against the trust account for monies owed them.

 



     17 
     
    

  



     
     
    Our Chairman, Steven Van Dyke, has agreed that he will be personally liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that he will be able to satisfy his indemnification obligations if he is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into by Mr. Van Dyke specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity he has given: he will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether Mr. Van Dyke has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations and we have not asked Mr. Van Dyke to reserve for such indemnification obligations.

     
     
     

     
     
    The holders of the founders’ shares or shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units will not participate in any redemption distribution from our trust account with respect to such founders’ shares.

 



     18 
     
    

  



     
     
    If we are unable to conclude an initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of this offering not deposited in the trust account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price will be approximately $10.00 (not taking into account any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable and used to pay dissolution expenses). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of our stockholders. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption price will not be less than approximately $10.00.

     
     
     

     
     
    We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that we are permitted to withdraw to pay such expenses.

     
     
     

    Potential
    amendments to charter
     
    
        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
        provides that any of the provisions related to our pre-business combination activity (which are contained in Article Six
        of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, a copy of which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration
        statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and include, among other items, the requirement to submit any proposed
        business combination to stockholders for approval or provide all our public stockholders the ability to tender their shares
        to us, to allow our public stockholders to have their shares redeemed for cash in connection with any proposed business
        combination and the time period in which we must consummate our initial business combination), may be amended if approved
        by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of
        the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, or applicable stock exchange rules. Our
        sponsor, executive officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose
        any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
        to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
        of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business
        combination activity as discussed above, unless in each case we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to
        redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
        the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
        divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval
        of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or any other person. 
         
        However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that
        would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so that
        we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect
        to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would
        not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time.

 



     19 
     
    



 

Risks

 

In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities,
you should take into account the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not
being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act, and, therefore, you will not be entitled to
protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419
blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank
check companies subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section
entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 22 of this prospectus. In addition, an investment in this offering may
result in uncertain United States federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that
directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect
to the purchase price of the unit between the share of common stock and the warrant to purchase one share of common stock included
in each unit could be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or the courts. Furthermore, the United
States federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant included in the units is unclear under current law.
Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s
holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of common
stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered “qualified dividends”
for federal income tax purposes. See the section titled “Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations” for a summary
of the principal United States federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged
to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.
You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors”. 

 


     20 
     
    



 

SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA

 

The following table summarizes the relevant financial data
for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any
significant operations to date, and accordingly only balance sheet data is presented. 



       
       
     December 31, 2017 
       

       
       
     Actual 
       
       
     As Adjusted 
       

     Balance Sheet Data: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Working capital (deficiency)(1) 
       
     $ 
     (111,036 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     50,523,542 
       

     Total assets(2) 
       
     $ 
     159,695 
       
       
     $ 
     50,523,542 
       

     Total liabilities 
       
     $ 
     136,253 
       
       
     $ 
     — 
       

     Value of Class A common stock subject
    to possible conversion/tender(3) 
       
     $ 
     — 
       
       
     $ 
     45,523,540 
       

     Stockholders’ equity(4) 
       
     $ 
     23,442 
       
       
     $ 
     5,000,002 
       



 



 










 (1)  The
                                         “as adjusted” calculation includes $50,000,000 cash held in trust from the
                                         proceeds of this offering and the sale of the founders’ units plus $500,000 of
                                         cash held outside the trust account, plus $100 from the issuance of the unit purchase
                                         option, plus $23,442 of actual stockholders’ equity at December 31, 2017. 




 (2)  The
                                         “as adjusted” calculation equals $50,000,000 cash held in trust from the
                                         proceeds of this offering and the sale of the founders’ units, plus $500,000 in
                                         cash held outside the trust account, plus $100 from the issuance of the unit purchase
                                         option, plus $23,442 of actual stockholders’ equity at December 31, 2017. 




(3)The
                                         “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets,
                                         less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the “as adjusted”
                                         stockholders’ equity, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets
                                         threshold of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination.




 (4)  Excludes
                                         4,552,354 shares of Class A common stock which are subject to redemption in connection
                                         with our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” calculation equals
                                         the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total
                                         liabilities, less the value of shares of Class A common stock that may be redeemed in
                                         connection with our initial business combination (approximately $10.00 per share). 



 

The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the
sale of the units we are offering, including the application of the related gross proceeds and the payment of the estimated remaining
costs from such sale and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid.

 

The “as adjusted” working capital and total assets
amounts include the $50,000,000 to be held in the trust account, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus,
will be available to us only upon the consummation of a business combination within the time period described in this prospectus.
If a business combination is not so consummated, the trust account, less amounts we are permitted to withdraw as described in this
prospectus, will be distributed solely to our public stockholders (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors).

 

We will consummate our initial business combination only if
we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the
outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.

 



     21 
     
    

  

RISK FACTORS

 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of
risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related to the offering,
together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. This prospectus
also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below.

 

Risks Associated with Our Business

 

We are a newly formed company with no operating history
and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

 

We are a newly formed company with no operating results to date.
Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering of our securities.
Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective,
which is to consummate an initial business combination. We have not conducted any substantive discussions and we have no plans,
arrangements or understandings with any prospective acquisition candidates. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest,
after the consummation of a business combination.

 

Our independent registered public accounting firm’s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”

 

 As of December 31, 2017, we had $25,217 in cash and a working
capital deficit of $111,036. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing
and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section
of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this
offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

 

If we are unable to consummate a business combination,
our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 18 months before receiving distributions from the trust account.

 

We have 18 months from the closing of this offering in which
to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless (i) we consummate
a business combination prior thereto or (ii) we seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to consummation
of a business combination, and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert or sell their shares to us. Only after
the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust account if we
are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them until after such
date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants, potentially
at a loss.

 



     22 
     
    

  

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed business combination.

 

We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their
shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations
described elsewhere in this prospectus. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even
if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The decision as to whether
we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a
tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq
rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business
combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding
shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer.

 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders
vote.

 

Unlike some other blank check companies in which the initial
stockholders agree to vote their founders’ shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders
in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor has agreed (i) to vote any of the founders’ shares and shares
of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units held by the sponsor in favor of any proposed business combination,
(ii) not to convert any such shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and
(iii) not to sell any such shares to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination. As a result, we
would need only 1,762,501, or approximately 35.3%, of the 5,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of
a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and
all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our sponsor agreed
to vote its founders’ shares and shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units in accordance with the
majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders.

 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of blank check companies.

 

Since the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used
to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check”
company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the
successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating
this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability
of our securities, require us to complete a business combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration
statement and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419,
our units will be immediately tradable, we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior
to the completion of a business combination and we will have a longer period of time to complete such a business combination than
we would if we were subject to such rule.

 



     23 
     
    

  

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, a stockholder or a “group” of stockholders
holding a substantial portion of our Class A common stock may influence our ability to complete our business combination.

 

Unlike other blank check companies, if we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide that a public stockholder, together
with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), holding in excess of a certain percentage of shares offered in our initial public
offering will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any shares they hold in excess of such percentage. The
ability of any such stockholder to redeem all their shares will increase their influence over our ability to complete our business
combination and could make it more difficult for us to complete such business combination.

 

If we determine to change our acquisition criteria or
guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this prospectus would be rendered irrelevant and you would be investing in our
company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire.

 

We could seek to deviate from the acquisition criteria or guidelines
disclosed in this prospectus although we have no current intention to do so. For instance, we currently anticipate acquiring a
target business with a consistent historical financial performance. However, we are not obligated to do so and may determine to
merge with or acquire a company with no operating history if the terms of the transaction are determined by us to be favorable
to our public stockholders. In such event, many of the acquisition criteria and guidelines set forth in this prospectus would be
rendered irrelevant. We could also seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to provide us with more
time to complete an initial business combination. Accordingly, investors may be making an investment in our company without any
basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire.

 

We may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities
to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control
of our ownership.

 

 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance
of up to 15,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 3,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering
and the private placement of founders’ units, there will be 4,050,000 and 1,750,000 (assuming, in each case, that the underwriters
have not exercised their over-allotment option) authorized but unissued shares of Class A and Class B common stock available,
respectively, for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants
(including insiders’ warrants) and the underwriters’ unit purchase option but not upon the conversion of the Class
B common stock. Shares of Class B common stock are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time
of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. Immediately
after this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Although we have no commitment as of the
date of this offering, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or
a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete a business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common
stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. The issuance of additional shares of common stock will not reduce
the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: 

 


●may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in this offering;

 


●may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to
those afforded to our shares of common stock;

 


●may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things,
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present
officers and directors; and

 


●may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock.

 



     24 
     
    

  

Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:

 


●default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our
debt obligations;

 


●acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we
breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant;

 


●our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and

 


●our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain
such financing while the debt security is outstanding.

 

If we incur indebtedness, our lenders will not have a claim
on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount in the trust account.

 

If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in
trust are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months, we may be unable to complete a business combination.

 

We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the funds
available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months, assuming
that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates will be accurate.
Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account, we may not have sufficient funds available with which
to structure, negotiate or close an initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor,
officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount that they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion for our working capital needs. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either
be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000
of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit.

 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less than $10.00.

 

Our placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from
third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target
businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if
such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity
of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of
our public stockholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the proceeds held in trust to our
public stockholders, Mr. Van Dyke has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this prospectus) that
he will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share by the claims of
target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for
or products sold to us. However, he may not be able to meet such obligation. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the
trust account may be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to such claims.

 

Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return
to our public stockholders at least $10.00. We have not independently verified whether Mr. Van Dyke has sufficient funds to satisfy
his indemnity obligations. We have not asked Mr. Van Dyke to reserve for such indemnification obligations. As a result, if any
such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share.

 



     25 
     
    

  

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them.

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we will continue in existence only until 18 months from the closing of this offering. If we have not completed a business
combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable and up to $15,000 of any
remaining interest for dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above)
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties
will not seek to recover from our stockholders amounts owed to them by us.

 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary
bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend
to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration of the time we have to
complete an initial business combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over
any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

 

Our directors may decide not to enforce Mr. Van Dyke’s
indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to
our public stockholders.

 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced
below $10.00 per public share and Mr. Van Dyke asserts that he is unable to satisfy his obligations or that he has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Mr. Van
Dyke to enforce such indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against Mr. Van Dyke to enforce such indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not
to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.

 



     26 
     
    

  

If we do not file and maintain a current and effective
prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such
warrants on a “cashless basis.”

 

If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus
relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants,
they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that an exemption from registration is available.
As a result, the number of shares of Class A common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer
than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available,
holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current
and effective prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and
effective prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants.
However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the
holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless.

 

An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if
the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.

 

No warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated
to issue shares of Class A common stock unless the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered
or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions
in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited
and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold and may be subject to redemption.

 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants.

 

Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant
agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision.
The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.

 

Unlike many other similarly structured blank check companies,
our initial stockholder will receive additional Class A common stock if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination.

 

The founders’ shares will automatically convert into Class
A common stock on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible
or exercisable for Class A common stock, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related
to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which founders’ shares shall convert into Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such
adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion
of all founders’ shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all outstanding
shares of common stock upon completion of the initial business combination (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the founders’ units) excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
business combination and any founders’ units (and underlying securities) issued upon conversion of working capital loans,
after taking into account Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the business combination. This is different from most
other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial stockholder will only be issued an aggregate of 20% of the
total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. This may make it more difficult and expensive
for us to consummate an initial business combination.

 



     27 
     
    

  

Because we are not limited to a particular industry or
target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the
industry or business in which we may ultimately operate.

 

We may consummate a business combination with a company in any
industry we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business, although we intend to focus on companies
or assets ancillary to the cannabis industry, with a particular sector focus that includes compliance, business intelligence, brand
development and media. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular
industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a
business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry
characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that
we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units
will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available,
in a target business.

 

Our ability to successfully effect a business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following
a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.

 

Our ability to successfully effect a business combination is
dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel,
at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain
with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount
of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not
have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services
of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.

 

The role of our key personnel after a business combination,
however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following
a business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. While
we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public
company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could
be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

 



     28 
     
    

  

Our officers and directors may not have significant experience
or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire.

 

We may consummate a business combination with a target business
in any geographic location or industry we choose, although we intend to focus on companies or assets ancillary to the cannabis
industry, with a particular sector focus that includes compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media. We cannot
assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction
of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination.

 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to
receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

 

Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after
the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other appropriate
arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and
financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.

 

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to
other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination.

 

Our officers and directors are not required to commit their
full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating their time between our operations and their
other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary
to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
All of our officers and directors are engaged in other business endeavors and are not obligated to devote any specific number of
hours to our affairs. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote more substantial
amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on
our ability to consummate our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that these conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination.

 

Our sponsor, which is affiliated with certain of our officers
and directors, has agreed to waive its right to convert its founders’ shares, the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the founders’ units or any other shares purchased in this offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions from the trust
account with respect to its founders’ shares or the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units upon
our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business combination. Accordingly, the shares acquired prior to this offering,
as well as the founders’ units and the securities underlying the founders’ units, will be worthless if we do not consummate
a business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers, through their interests in our sponsor,
may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict
of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and
in our stockholders’ best interest.

 



     29 
     
    



 

Certain of our officers have, and any of our officers
and directors or their affiliates may in the future have, fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

 

Certain of our directors have, and any of our officers and directors
or their affiliates may in the future have, fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate
in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination.
As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to
us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. For a more detailed description
of the pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations of our management team, and the potential conflicts of interest that
such obligations may present, see the section titled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.”

 

Our executive officers, directors, senior advisor, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
executive officers, senior advisor, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest
in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors, executive officers
or our senior advisor. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in
business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests
and ours. We will be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is
an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor.

 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation on its
exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions.

 

We have applied to have our units listed on NASDAQ. We expect
that our units will be listed on NASDAQ on the date of this prospectus. Following the date the shares of our Class A common stock
and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed
separately on NASDAQ. Although, after giving effect to this offering, we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq’s minimum
initial listing standards, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to stockholders’ equity,
market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that
our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet
its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange,
we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:









 


●a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

 


●reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;

 


●a determination that our shares of common stock are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our shares
of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
market for our shares of common stock;

 


●a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and

 


●a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

 



     30 
     
    

  

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which
is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
“covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be
listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from
regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion
of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities
in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities
issued by blank check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if
we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each
state in which we offer our securities.

 

We are an “emerging growth company” and we
cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common
stock less attractive to investors.

 

We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined
in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible
debt issued within a three year period exceeds $1 billion or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares
of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given
fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we
are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are exempt from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies.
As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot
predict if investors will find our shares of common stock less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors
find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share
price may be more volatile.

 

We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number
of products or services.

 

It is likely we will consummate a business combination with
a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

 


●solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or

 


●dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination.

 



     31 
     
    

  

Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase
of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult
for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional
risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if
there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services
or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could
negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

 

The ability of our stockholders to exercise their conversion
rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure.

 

If our business combination requires us to use substantially
all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many stockholders may exercise conversion rights or seek
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon
such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. In the event that the acquisition
involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for
a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to
us.

 

In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve
a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed
business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their
conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.

 

In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve
a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or
against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as
of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require public stockholders who wish
to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer
agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holders’ option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection
with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker
and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders
should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have
any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical
stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure
you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who
wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their
shares.

 

If, in connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve
a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements
for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed
business combination is not approved.

 

If we require public stockholders who wish to convert their
shares to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System as described above and such proposed business
combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors
who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition
until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and
you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be
able to sell their securities.

 



     32 
     
    

  

Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive
advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.

 

We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other
than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds
and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many
of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds
of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination may
delay the consummation of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination.

 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required,
to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination.

 

Because we have not yet identified any prospective target business,
we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders, we will be required to seek
additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing
proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition,
if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after a business combination.

 

Our initial stockholder will control a substantial interest
in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote.

 

Upon consummation of our offering, our stockholder prior to
the offering will own approximately 22.8% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any
units in this offering but including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units). None of our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of
Class A common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our sponsor, officers, directors or their
affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted
by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of stockholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection
with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote
the shares of Class B common stock owned by them immediately before this offering, the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the founders’ units, as well as any shares of Class A common stock acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor
of such proposed business combination.

 



     33 
     
    

  

Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each
of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There may not
be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. If there is an
annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will
be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the
outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholder will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination.

 

Our initial stockholder paid $25,000, or approximately
$0.017 per share, for the founders’ shares and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from
the purchase of our shares of Class A common stock.

 

The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating
all of the unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrants included in the units) and the pro forma net tangible
book value per share of common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to the investors in this offering. Our initial
stockholder acquired the founders’ shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon consummation
of this offering, you and the other new investors will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 74.0% or $7.40
per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share $2.60, and the initial offering price of $10.00
per unit). This is because investors in this offering will be contributing approximately 95.7% of the total amount paid to us for
our outstanding securities after this offering but will only own 77.2% of our outstanding securities. Accordingly, the per-share
purchase price you will be paying substantially exceeds our per share net tangible book value. This dilution would increase to
the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock result in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater
than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition,
because of the anti-dilution protection in the founders’ shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection
with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock.

 

Our outstanding warrants and unit purchase options may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effect a business combination.

 

 We will be issuing warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares
of Class A common stock as part of the units offered by this prospectus (or warrants to purchase 5,750,000 shares of Class A common
stock if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), founders’ warrants to purchase 225,000 shares of Class A common
stock (or founders’ warrants to purchase 243,750 shares of Class A common stock if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full) and 250,000 warrants underlying the unit purchase options. We may also issue other units containing warrants to our sponsor,
officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us as described in this prospectus. To the extent we issue shares
of Class A common stock to effect a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
shares upon exercise of these warrants and unit purchase options could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes
of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock
and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants and unit purchase options
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally,
the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants or unit purchase options could have an adverse
effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants
and options are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. 

 



     34 
     
    



 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time
after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales
price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to proper
notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until
the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your
warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants
at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
value of your warrants. None of the founders’ warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or
its permitted transferees.

 

Our management’s ability to require holders of our
warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of Class A common stock upon
their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash.

 

If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption
criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder
that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers or directors, other purchasers of our
founders’ units, or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to
require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of Class A common stock received by a holder
upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of
reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company.

 

We have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants.

 

In no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the
warrants. Furthermore, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the warrants upon
exercise of the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.

 



     35 
     
    

  

If our security holders exercise their registration rights,
it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and the existence of these rights may make
it more difficult to effect a business combination.

 

Our stockholders prior to this offering are entitled to make
a demand that we register the resale of the founders’ shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which
their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of the founders’ units and any units our sponsor, officers,
directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us are entitled to demand that we register
the resale of the founders’ units and any other units we issue to them (and the underlying shares of Class A common stock)
commencing at any time after we consummate an initial business combination, as well as any securities underlying any such units.
The presence of these additional shares of Class A common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged
from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential
effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of Class A common stock.

 

If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be
required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for
us to complete a business combination.

 

A company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as
being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding
certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment
company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment
Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only in United States “government securities”
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements for
the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act.

 

If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business
combination, including:

 


●restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

 


●restrictions on the issuance of securities.

 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome
requirements, including:

 


●registration as an investment company;

 


●adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

 


●reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and
regulations.

 

Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require
additional expense for which we have not allotted.

 

The determination for the offering price of our units
is more arbitrary compared with the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry.

 

Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any
of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the shares of Class A common stock and warrants
underlying the units, include:

 



     36 
     
    

  


●the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;

 


●prior offerings of those companies;

 


●our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;

 


●our capital structure;

 


●an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; and

 


●general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering.

 

However, although these factors were considered, the determination
of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since
we have no historical operations or financial results to compare them to.

 

If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation
of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other
charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which
could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

 

We must conduct a due diligence investigation of the target
businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance
and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target
business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target business, and factors outside the
control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues specific to
a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off
assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this
nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our common stock. In addition, charges of this nature may cause
us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target
business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.

 

The requirement that we complete an initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination.

 

We have 18 months from the closing of this offering to complete
an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination
will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination,
knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a
business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above.

 



     37 
     
    

  

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would
redeem our public shares and liquidate.

 

We must complete our initial business combination within 18
months from the closing of this offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business
combination within such time period or we may be unable to consummate a business combination due to a downturn in industry or economic
conditions or due to other factors that may occur. If we have not completed our initial business combination within 18 months form
the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable and up to $15,000 of any
remaining interest for dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above)
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

 

We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the
target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving
a proposed business combination.

 

We will only be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect
to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor.
In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment
of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination.

 

Resources could be spent researching acquisitions that
are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.

 

It is anticipated that the investigation of each specific target
business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will
require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is
made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would
not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate
the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to
us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
another business.

 

Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require
substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

 

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that
we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system of internal controls audited
beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2019. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our
internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation. Any
inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that
our independent registered public accounting firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal controls.
A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price
of our stock. 

 



     38 
     
    

  

If we effect a business combination with a company located
outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

 

We may effect a business combination with a company located
outside of the United States. If we did, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following:

 


●rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

 


●tariffs and trade barriers;

 


●regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

 


●longer payment cycles;

 


●tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

 


●currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

 


●challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

 


●cultural and language differences;

 


●employment regulations;

 


●crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and

 


●deterioration of political relations with the United States.

 

We cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address
these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer.

 

An investment in this offering may result in uncertain
or adverse United States federal income tax consequences.

 

An investment in this offering may result in uncertain United
States federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar
to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between
the share of common stock and the warrant to purchase one share of common stock included in each unit could be challenged by the
IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the United States federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant included
in the units is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of common
stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized
by such holder on the sale or exchange of common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend
we pay would be considered “qualified dividends” for federal income tax purposes. See the section titled “Material
U.S. Federal Tax Considerations” for a summary of the principal United States federal income tax consequences of an investment
in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences
when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.

 



     39 
     
    

  

If we effect a business combination with a company located
outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may
not be able to enforce our legal rights.

 

If we effect a business combination with a company located outside
of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements
relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements
or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy
under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally,
if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located
outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it
may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors
or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors
and officers under federal securities laws.

 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing
to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management.

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws
contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one
class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the board of directors
may be considered for election. Since our “staggered board” may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority
of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals
that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and
issue new series of preferred stock. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent
a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting
standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses unless their financial statements
are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with
respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules.
Additionally, to the extent we furnish our stockholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial
statements will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination. These
financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire.

 

There is currently no market for our securities and a
market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

 

There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders
therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering,
the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic
conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained.
You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.

 



     40 
     
    

  

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.

 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national,
regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as
interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

 

An investment in this offering may involve adverse U.S.
federal income tax consequences.

 

An investment in this offering may involve adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences. For instance:

 


●because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the
allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of the unit between the share of Class A common stock and warrant
included in the units could be challenged by the IRS or the courts.

 


●if we make distributions on our common stock, such distributions generally will be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income
tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. The ability of a holder to seek conversion of their
shares may be viewed as a position with respect to substantially similar or related property which diminishes your risk of loss
and thereby affects your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the dividends received deduction or the preferential
tax rate on qualified dividend income with respect to the time period prior to the approval of an initial business combination.

 


●our warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis in certain situations as described herein. Although there is no direct legal
authority as to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis, we intend to take the position
that such exercise will not be taxable, either because the exercise is not a gain realization event or because it qualifies as
a tax-free recapitalization. In the former case, the holding period of the common stock should commence on the day after the warrant
is exercised. In the latter case, the holding period of the common stock would include the holding period of the exercised warrants.
However, our position is not binding on the IRS and the IRS may treat a cashless exercise of a warrant as a taxable exchange.

 


●any capital gain or loss you realize on a sale or other disposition of our common stock will generally be long-term capital
gain or loss if your holding period for the common stock is more than one year. However, the conversion feature of the common stock
could affect your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the long-term capital gain tax rate with respect to the
time period prior to the approval of an initial business combination.

 

See the section titled “Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations”
for a summary of the material United States Federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Accordingly, each
prospective investor is urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the specific tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership
and disposition of our securities, including the applicability and effect of state, local, or foreign tax laws, as well as U.S.
federal tax laws.

 



     41 
     
    

  

We may be subject to an increased rate of tax on our income
if we are treated as a personal holding company.

 

Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination,
it is possible that we could be treated as a “personal holding company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S.
corporation generally will be classified as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable
year if more than 50% of its ownership (by value) is concentrated, within a certain period of time, in five or fewer individuals
(without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain
tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts), and at least 60% of its income is comprised of certain passive
items. See the section titled “Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations — Personal Holding Company Status”
for more detailed information.

 

There may be tax consequences to our business combination
that may adversely affect us.

 

While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as
to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements
of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets.
A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes.

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders.

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees
for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and,
if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder’s counsel. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

 

This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other
employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the
choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our
business, operating results and financial condition.

 

There are risks related to the cannabis industry to which
we may be subject.

 

Business combinations with companies with operations in the
cannabis industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with a target
business with operations in the cannabis industry, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks:

 


●Use of cannabis is illegal under federal law, and therefore, strict
enforcement of federal laws regarding the use, cultivation, processing and/or sale of cannabis would likely result in our inability
to execute a business plan in the cannabis industry;


●Enforcement of federal law under the Controlled Substances Act by
the Department of Justice and the Trump administration may negatively impact our ability to pursue our prospective business operations
and/or generate revenues;


●The cannabis industry is extremely speculative and its legality is
uncertain, making it subject to inherent risk;


●Consumer complaints and negative publicity regarding the products
and services of a prospective business could hurt the business and reputation of such business; 


●Recent governmental changes and other developments at the federal
level have created uncertainty in the cannabis industry;

 



     42 
     
    

  


●New laws and regulations that are adverse to the cannabis industry
may be enacted, and current favorable state or local laws and regulations relating to cannabis may be modified or eliminated in
the future;


●Our ability to grow a business in the cannabis industry will depend
on state laws pertaining to the cannabis industry;


●Assets leased to cannabis businesses may be forfeited to the federal
government;


●U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulation of cannabis and the possible
registration of facilities where cannabis is grown could negatively affect the cannabis industry, which could directly affect our
financial condition;


●Due to our proposed involvement in the regulated cannabis industry,
we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurance policies that are needed to operate our business, which may expose
us to additional risks and financial liabilities;


●The cannabis industry may face significant opposition from other industries,
including but not limited to the pharmaceutical industry;


●We may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may inhibit
our ability to open bank accounts, obtain financing in the future, or otherwise utilize traditional banking services;


●Cannabis businesses may incur uninsured losses and insurance may be
difficult to obtain or maintain, and may be inadequate to cover losses even if obtained; 


●Laws and regulations affecting the regulated cannabis industry are
varied, broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, and may restrict the use of the properties we acquire or require
certain additional regulatory approvals, which could materially adversely affect our operations;


●Securities exchanges may not list companies engaged in the cannabis
industry;


●Applicable state laws may prevent us from maximizing our potential
income; and


●Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code, which disallows a tax deduction
for any amount paid or incurred in carrying on any trade or business that consists of trafficking in controlled substances prohibited
by federal or state law, may prevent us from deducting certain business expenditures, which would increase our net taxable income.

 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations
following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to the
compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media sectors of the cannabis industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target
business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific
industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained.

 



     43 
     
    



 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

 

The statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,”
“possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would”
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our:

 


●ability to complete our initial business combination;

 


●success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial
business combination;

 


●officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements;

 


●potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination;

 


●pool of prospective target businesses;

 


●ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;

 


●potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock;

 


●public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;

 


●the lack of a market for our securities;

 


●expectations regarding the time during which we will be an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act;

 


●use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or

 


●financial performance following this offering.

 

The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus
are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.



     44 
     
    

  

USE OF PROCEEDS

 

We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, in addition
to the funds we will receive from the sale of the founders’ units (all of which will be deposited into the trust account),
will be as set forth in the following table:

 



      
    Without Over-Allotment Option  
    Over-Allotment Option Exercised 

    Gross proceeds 
        
       

    From offering 
    $50,000,000  
    $57,500,000 

    From private placement 
     2,250,000  
     2,437,500 

    Total gross proceeds 
     52,250,000  
     59,937,500 

    Offering expenses(1) 
        
       

    Underwriting discount (2.5% of gross proceeds from units offered to public) 
     1,250,000(2) 
     1,437,500(2)

    Legal fees and expenses 
     200,000  
     200,000 

    Nasdaq Listing Fees 
     50,000  
     50,000 

    Printing and engraving expenses 
     30,000  
     30,000 

    Accounting fees and expenses 
     35,000  
     35,000 

    FINRA filing fee 
     9,875  
     9,875 

    SEC registration fee 
     7,471  
     7,471 

    Directors & Officers liability insurance premiums 
     75,000  
     75,000 

    Miscellaneous expenses 
     92,654  
     92,654 

    Total expenses (excluding underwriting discount) 
     500,000  
     500,000 

    Net proceeds 
        
       

    Held in trust 
     50,000,000  
     57,500,000 

    % of public offering size 
     100% 
     100%

    Not held in trust 
     500,000  
     500,000 

    Total net proceeds 
    $50,500,000  
    $58,000,000 


 



    Use of net proceeds not held in trust(3)(4) 
    Amount  
    Percentage 

    Legal, accounting and other third party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of a business combination 
    $100,000  
     20.0%

    Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers, directors and sponsor 
     100,000  
     20.0%

    Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations 
     75,000  
     15.0%

    Payment of administrative fee to our sponsor ($10,000 per month for up to 18 months) 
     180,000  
     36.0%

    Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves 
     45,000  
     9.0%

    Total 
    $500,000  
     100.0%


 



 




(1)A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of
the Nasdaq listing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds we borrowed from our sponsor described
below. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us.


(2)No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the founders’ units.

 



     45 
     
    

  


(3)The amount of proceeds not held in trust will remain constant at approximately $500,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised.
Does not include interest earned on the trust proceeds that may be available to us, as described elsewhere in this prospectus.


(4)These are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein.
For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring
our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change
in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations,
to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital.

 

Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of
225,000 units, or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private
placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment
option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a
maximum of 18,750 founders’ units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain
in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased
in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment
option. The founder’s units are identical to the units sold in this offering subject to certain limited exceptions as described
elsewhere in this prospectus. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described
below.

 

$50,000,000, or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is
exercised in full, of net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the founders’ units will be placed in a U.S. —
based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York,
as trustee. The funds held in trust will be invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions
of paragraph (d) under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our franchise and income tax obligations, the proceeds
will not be released from the trust account until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our redemption of
100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. The proceeds
held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete a business
combination. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the
target business.

 

The payment to our sponsor of a monthly fee of an aggregate
of $10,000 is for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support. This arrangement
is being agreed to by our sponsor for our benefit and is not intended to provide our sponsor or affiliated officers and directors
with compensation in lieu of a salary. This arrangement will terminate upon completion of our initial business combination or the
distribution of the trust account to our public stockholders. Other than the $10,000 per month fee and the repayment of loans from
our sponsor (none of which payments will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination), no compensation of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their
respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such entity and individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing
business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants
or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Our audit committee will review and approve
all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested
director abstaining from such review and approval. There is no limit on the amount of such expenses reimbursable by us; provided,
however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would
not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Since the role of present management after a business
combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after a business
combination.

 



     46 
     
    

  

Regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised
in full, the net proceeds from this offering available to us out of trust for our working capital requirements in searching for
a business combination will be approximately $500,000. We intend to use the proceeds for miscellaneous expenses such as paying
fees to consultants or advisors to assist us with our search for a target business, with the balance being held in reserve in the
event due diligence, legal, accounting and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations exceed our estimates,
as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our sponsor, officers and directors in connection with activities
on our behalf as described below.

 

The allocation of the net proceeds available to us outside of
the trust account represents our best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that our assumptions prove to
be inaccurate, we may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above described categories. If our estimate of the costs of undertaking
in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required
to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek
such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management
team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.

 

We may use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering,
including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent
that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the proceeds held in the
trust account which are not used to consummate a business combination (including to pay converting stockholders as described herein)
will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital
to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing
or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing
or new products.

 

To the extent we are unable to consummate a business combination,
we will pay the costs of liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and any available interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account that we are permitted to withdraw.

 

 As of the date of this prospectus, our sponsor has advanced
us an aggregate of $130,000 which was used to pay a portion of the expenses of this offering referenced in the line items above
for SEC registration fee, FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of the Nasdaq listing fee and a portion of the legal and
audit fees and expenses. The advances will be payable without interest on the consummation of this offering. The advances will
be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses. 

 

We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, we will
have sufficient available funds to operate for the next 18 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during
that time. However, if necessary, in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsor,
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they
deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon
consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes
may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the founders’ units. If we do
not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven.

 



     47 
     
    

  

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from
the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.

 



     48 
     
    

  

DIVIDEND POLICY

 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for
use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends
in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in
which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain
the ownership of our stockholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon
the consummation of this offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units). Further,
if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith.

 



     49 
     
    

  

DILUTION

 

The difference between the public offering price per share of
Class A common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering pursuant to this prospectus
or the private placement warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering,
assuming all shares of Class B common stock converted into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, constitutes the
dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of
warrants, including the founders’ warrants underlying the founders’ units, which would cause the actual dilution to
the public stockholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book value per share is
determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value
of Class A common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock.

 

 At December 31, 2017, our net tangible book value was ($111,036),
or approximately ($0.09) per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 5,000,000 shares of Class A common stock
included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the sale of the founders’ units and the deduction of underwriting
commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at December 31, 2017 would have been
$5,000,002 or $2.60 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of the
approximately 4,552,354 shares of Class A common stock that may be redeemed for cash and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’
over-allotment option) of $2.69 per share to our initial stockholder as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution
of $7.40 per share or 74.0% to our public stockholders not exercising their redemption rights. The decrease attributable to public
shares subject to redemption is included in the calculation below at $10.00 per share, as all public stockholders have the right
to redeem. The dilution to new investors if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full would be an immediate
dilution of $7.65 per share or 76.5%. 

 

The following table illustrates the dilution to the new investors
on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units and the founders’ units:

 



     Public offering price    
                
     $  10.00    

     Net tangible book value before this offering    
     $  (0.09  )    
             

     Increase attributable to public
    stockholders and private sales    
        2.69       
             

     Pro forma net tangible book value
    after this offering    
             
        2.60    

     Dilution to public stockholders    
             
     $  7.40    

     Percentage of dilution to public stockholders    
             
        74.0 


 % 


 

The following table sets forth information with respect to our
existing stockholders and the public stockholders:

 



      
       
    Shares Purchased  
    Total Consideration  
    Average Price 

      
    Number(1)  
    Percentage  
    Amount  
    Percentage  
    per Share 

    Existing stockholders 
     1,250,000  
     19.3% 
    $25,000  
     0.05% 
    $0.017 

    Shares underlying founders’ units 
     225,000  
     3.5% 
     2,250,000  
     4.30% 
    $10.00 

    Public stockholders 
     5,000,000  
     77.2% 
     50,000,000  
     95.65% 
    $10.00 

      
     6,475,000  
     100.0% 
    $52,275,000  
     100.0% 
       


 



 




(1)Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founders’ shares have been forfeited
as a result thereof.

 



     50 
     
    

  

The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is
calculated as follows:




     Numerator: 
       
       
       
       

     Net tangible book value before
    the offering 
       
     $ 
     (111,036 
     ) 

     Net proceeds from this offering and private
    placement of founders’ units 
       
       
     50,500,000 
       

     Plus: Offering costs accrued for and paid
    in advance, excluded from tangible book value before this offering 
       
       
     134,478 
       

     Plus: Proceeds from sale of unit purchase
    option to underwriters 
       
       
     100 
       

     Less: Proceeds held
    in trust subject to redemption 
       
       
     (45,523,540 
     ) 

       
       
     $ 
     5,000,002 
       

     Denominator: 
       
       
       
       

     Shares of common stock outstanding prior
    to this offering(1) 
       
       
     1,250,000 
       

     Shares of Class A common stock included
    in the units offered 
       
       
     5,000,000 
       

     Shares of Class A common stock included
    in the founders’ units 
       
       
     225,000 
       

     Less: Shares subject
    to conversion/tender 
       
       
     (4,552,354 
     ) 

       
       
       
     1,922,646 
       




 



 






(1)Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founders’ shares have been forfeited
as a result thereof.

 



     51 
     
    

  

CAPITALIZATION

 

 The following table sets forth our capitalization at December
31, 2017 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the founders’ units and the application of the estimated
net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities: 





          
     December 31, 2017    

          
     Actual       
     As Adjusted(1)    

     Advances
    from related party(2)    
     $  130,000       
     $  —    

     Class
    A Common stock, $.0001 par value, -0- and 4,552,354 shares which are subject to possible redemption(3)    
        —       
        45,523,540    

     Stockholders’ equity:    
                
             

     Preferred stock, $.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares
    authorized; none issued or outstanding    
        —       
        —    

     Class A Common stock,
    $.0001 par value, 15,000,000 shares authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding, actual; 672,646 shares(4) issued
    and outstanding (excluding 4,552,354 shares subject to possible conversion/tender), as adjusted    
        —       
        68    

     Class B Common stock,
    $.0001 par value, 3,000,000 shares authorized; 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 1,250,000 shares(4)
    issued and outstanding, as adjusted    
        144       
        125    

     Additional paid-in capital    
        24,856       
        5,001,367    

     Accumulated deficit    
        (1,558  )    
        (1,558  ) 

     Total stockholders’ equity:    
        23,442       
        5,000,002    

     Total capitalization    
     $  153,442       
     $  50,523,542    






 



 




(1)Includes the $2.25 million we will receive from the sale of the founders’ units.


 (2)  Advances from related party in the amount of $130,000 are non-interest
                                         bearing and due on demand. 


(3)Upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to convert
or sell their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less franchise and income taxes payable,
subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 upon
consummation of our initial business combination.


(4)Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founders’ shares have been forfeited
by our sponsor as a result thereof.



     52 
     
    

  

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 

We are a newly organized blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we
have not, nor has anyone one our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination
target. Our initial business combination and value creation strategy will be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business
combination, assist in the growth of a business ancillary to the cannabis industry, with a particular sector focus that includes
compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media.

 

We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this
offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. The issuance
of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock:

 


●may significantly reduce the equity interest of our stockholders;

 


●may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to
those afforded to our shares of common stock;

 


●will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among
other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation
or removal of our present officers and directors; and

 


●may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities.

 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:

 


●default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt
obligations;

 


●acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due
if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any
such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

 


●our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and

 


●our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability
to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding.

 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any
revenues to date. Our entire activity since inception has been to prepare for our proposed fundraising through an offering of our
equity securities.

 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act.
As an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different
effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

 



     53 
     
    

  

Liquidity and Capital Resources

 

 As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at
December 31, 2017, we had $25,217 in cash and a working capital deficit of $111,036. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty
through this offering are discussed above. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business
combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

 

 Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through
receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the founders’ shares, and advances from related parties in an aggregate amount of $130,000
that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting
offering expenses of approximately $500,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $1,250,000 (or $1,437,500 if the over-allotment
option is exercised in full) and (ii) the sale of the founders’ units for a purchase price of $2,250,000, or $2,437,500
if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be $50,500,000 (or $58,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full). Of this amount, $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust
account. The remaining $500,000 will not be held in trust. 



 

We may use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering,
including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent
that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of
the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target
business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products.
Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion
of our business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses.

 

We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the approximate
$500,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months,
assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for
identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the business combination. We anticipate that we will incur approximately:

 


●$100,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant
to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a business combination;

 


●$100,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers, directors and sponsor;

 


●$75,000 of expenses in legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations;

 


●$180,000 for the payment of the administrative fee to our sponsor (of an aggregate of $10,000 per month for up to 18 months);
and

 


●$45,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses, liquidation obligations and reserves.

 



     54 
     
    

  

If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence
and negotiating an initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds
available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in
connection with such business combination. We do not have a maximum debt leverage ratio or a policy with respect to how much debt
we may incur. The amount of debt we will be willing to incur will depend on the facts and circumstances of the proposed business
combination and market conditions at the time of the potential business combination. At this time, we are not party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising additional funds through the sale of our securities or the incurrence
of debt. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the
consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.

 

Related Party Transactions

 

 As of the date of this prospectus, we have received advances
from related parties in an aggregate amount of $130,000, on a non-interest bearing basis, for payment of offering expenses on
our behalf. The advances will be payable without interest and are due on demand. If the offering is consummated, the advances
will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering not being placed in trust. We are obligated, commencing on the date of this
prospectus, to pay our sponsor a monthly fee of an aggregate of $10,000 for general and administrative services. 

 

Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of
225,000 units, or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private
placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment
option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a
maximum of 18,750 founders’ units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain
in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased
in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment
option. We believe the purchase price of the founders’ units is greater than the fair value of such units and therefore will
not result in any share-based compensation expense.

 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following
this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to
$1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at
the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the founders’ units.

 

Controls and Procedures

 

 We are not currently required to maintain an effective system
of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. As of the date of this prospectus, we have
not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal
controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to
implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system
of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy
of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for a business combination may have internal controls that need improvement
in areas such as: 

 



     55 
     
    

  


●staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;

 


●reconciliation of accounts;

 


●proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;

 


●evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;

 


●documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and

 


●documentation of accounting policies and procedures.

 

Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps
outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market
expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities,
particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also
take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.

 

Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete,
we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent
auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of
internal control over financial reporting.

 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

 

The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the
trust account, will be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule
2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the
short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.

 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual
Obligations; Quarterly Results

 

As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations.
No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date.

 



     56 
     
    

  

PROPOSED BUSINESS

 

General

 



We are a newly organized blank check company formed as a
Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and
we have not, nor has anyone one our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination
target. Our initial business combination and value creation strategy will be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business
combination, assist in the growth of a business ancillary to the cannabis industry, with a particular sector focus that includes
compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media. However, we are not limited to this industry and we may pursue
a business combination opportunity in any business or industry we choose and we may pursue a company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States.

 

Although the cannabis industry has evolved significantly and
continues to mature, we believe the industry is still undercapitalized and companies operating across multiple verticals consistently
have trouble accessing capital from traditional resources. Financing of businesses that operate within the legal cannabis industry
in the U.S. has relied largely on private money — friends and family, high net-worth individuals and small-to-medium-sized private
investment firms. Institutional investors have shied away from companies in the cannabis industry, especially those that are directly
involved in the production, distribution and sale of cannabis (businesses that “touch the plant”), which we do not
intend to target. Even businesses that do not “touch the plant” and instead provide ancillary services to the industry,
for the most part, have found it extremely difficult to access capital. The federal prohibition on cannabis has led to a situation
in which small investors and venture funds have become the industry’s financial backbone. As a result, we believe we have
the opportunity to create a compelling structure that will enable the right target company to go public and access the capital
it needs in order to accelerate its organic growth and also create additional stakeholder value as a well-capitalized acquirer
in an industry defined by undercapitalized competition. We will not invest in an entity or assets which violate, or aid and abet
the violation, of federal law.

 

Our management team is an experienced group of deal makers and
operators that have been investing in the cannabis industry since 2014, with transactions focused on ancillary cannabis companies
in the compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media sectors of the industry. Our management team has collectively
invested over $30 million in cannabis-related businesses in the last 3+ years, more than half of which is personal capital. In
2016, Steven Van Dyke and Scott Sozio, both members of our management team, founded Hypur Ventures, a venture capital fund dedicated
to investing in businesses that operate in the cannabis industry. Hypur Ventures is fully invested with positions in eight portfolio
companies engaged in various aspects of the cannabis industry not “touching the plant”, including compliance, business
intelligence, brand development and media. Our management believes its investments have established market leadership positions
and emerging track records of customer acquisition in this high-growth industry. We believe our management team’s history
of completing cannabis transactions and building businesses that require creative solutions give us a unique ability to combine
with an attractive company in this industry.

 

Our management team is led by Steven Van Dyke, our Chairman,
who has more than 30 years of capital management experience, having founded and run two hedge funds with over $1 billion in assets
under management, most recently as founding partner of New York-based BHR Capital LLC. Mr. Van Dyke built his career and reputation
around his expertise in alternative investments, including restructurings, venture capital and real estate. We believe that our
management team is well positioned to identify high-growth acquisition opportunities in the marketplace and that our network within
the cannabis industry is uniquely deep. The relationships our management team has established within the industry cover the major
geographies where cannabis has been legalized, including Colorado, Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and
other emerging legal-cannabis states. In addition to the industry relationships we have with management teams in the cannabis industry
through our existing investments, our network includes professionals that provide services to the industry, including cannabis-focused
attorneys, investment bankers, lenders, accountants and advisors.

 



     57 
     
    

  

Business Strategy

 

Our strategy will be to invest in businesses that are ancillary
to the production, distribution and sale of cannabis, with a particular focus on three segments of the industry:

 


●Compliance: We believe the businesses that succeed in these
early years of legal cannabis will be the ones that make compliance with state regulations an operational priority, driving decision-making
at all levels of the company. We believe that investing in compliance services will be critical to the success of the industry
in the long-term.




●Business Intelligence: Cannabis is in the very early stages
of discovery. Companies need tools to understand and analyze their business, in many cases without the ability to borrow from other
industries. We believe cannabis presents a unique set of challenges, as a highly-regulated industry that operates within a network
of conflicting federal and state laws. As a result, ancillary businesses that provide services to other industries, and would under
normal circumstances make their products and technologies available to the cannabis industry, have instead stayed out of the market.
The void is being filled by companies dedicated to the cannabis industry, in many cases designing custom-built technology.




●Brands & Media: Cannabis is an industry defined by a lack
of information and misinformation. We believe that brands and media will play a critical role in supplying consumers with the knowledge
and confidence to patronize the category.

 

Competitive Strengths

 

In order to execute our business strategy, we intend to:

 


●Utilize our management team’s extensive sourcing network to
identify the leading companies and assets servicing the cannabis industry that we believe are underperforming, and leverage our
network to streamline the diligence process, achieving a deep level of understanding of a target’s business. Our management’s expertise in finance and our reputation in the industry as active investors
has enabled us to build strong relationships with company owners, executives, stakeholders, industry experts, consultants, professionals
and financial intermediaries. We believe these relationships will help provide us with attractive acquisition opportunities. We
also intend to rely on our management team’s reputation and history of investing and operating in the finance and cannabis
industries. Understanding the dynamics, competitors, trends, risks, and opportunities of the segment enables us to target selected
companies and efficiently pursue a potential transaction.




●Conduct rigorous research and analysis. Performing disciplined, bottom-up
fundamental research and analysis is core to our strategy, and we intend to conduct extensive due diligence to evaluate the impact
that a transaction may have on a target business.




●Acquire the target company at an attractive price relative to our
view of intrinsic value. Combining analysis and input from industry and financial experts, we intend to develop our view of the
intrinsic value of a potential business combination. In doing so, our management team will evaluate future cash flow potential,
relative industry valuation metrics and precedent transactions to inform its view of intrinsic value, with the intention of creating
a business combination at an attractive price relative to such intrinsic value.

 



     58 
     
    

  


●Implement operational and financial structuring opportunities. We
intend to structure and execute a business combination that will provide the combined business with a capital structure that will
support the growth in shareholder value and give it the flexibility to grow organically and/or through strategic acquisitions or
divestitures. We also intend to develop and implement strategies to improve the business’s operational and financial performance
and create a platform for growth. Specifically, our management team intends to evaluate opportunities for industry consolidation
in the company’s core lines of business as well as opportunities to vertically or horizontally integrate with other industry
participants.


●Leverage Advisors. We expect to have access to various advisors through
Hypur Ventures, who are experts in specific verticals of the cannabis industry. If we choose to retain them, we expect that they
will assist our management team by providing deal flow and industry intelligence, affording us a competitive advantage. Such advisors,
if retained, may offer unique, on-the-ground access and insight into this rapidly evolving industry, specifically as it relates
to our main industry focus – compliance, business intelligence, brand development and media.

 

With respect to the foregoing examples,
past performance of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may
consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely
on the historical performance record of our management as indicative of our future performance. Our officers and directors have
not had management experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. In addition,
for a list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and
the company, as well as the priority and preference that such entity has with respect to performance of obligations and presentation
of business opportunities to us, please refer to the table and subsequent explanatory paragraph under “Management —
Conflicts of Interest”.

 

Acquisition Criteria

 

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the
following criteria that we intend to use in evaluating business transaction opportunities. We expect that no individual criterion
will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular business transaction opportunity
which we ultimately determine to pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria. Notwithstanding anything below, we will not
invest in an entity or assets which violate, or aid and abet the violation, of federal law. We will seek a business transaction
with a company that is:

 


●Ancillary: Does not touch the plant, allowing the business
to be unconstrained by state borders.


●Able to Build Infrastructure: Our management believes that
technology-driven solutions to operational challenges in a nascent industry and complex regulatory environment have a unique window
of opportunity to create infrastructure that will grow with the industry. 


●Scalable: We believe the cannabis industry is in an explosive
growth phase and our goal is to invest in the businesses that are built to scale faster than the competition.

 

In addition, target businesses may be one or several of the
following:

 


1.Underperforming. We intend to target companies that have a defensible core business, sustainable revenues, and/or established
customer relationships, but are underperforming for a variety of reasons, such as:


a.Inadequate access to capital;


b.A poor balance sheet that a capital infusion would correct (e.g. to retire debt);


c.Market conditions driven by periods of regulatory uncertainty;


d.Undergoing change in capital structure, strategy, operations or growth; or


e.The need for additional strategic and managerial guidance to enhance or shift the company’s position within its industry,
accelerate growth within that industry or refocus management on the core value proposition of the company.

 



     59 
     
    

  


2.Undervalued. Companies that exhibit intrinsic value that is being underappreciated or undervalued as a result of financial,
operational or industry conditions that would be considered abnormal or transitory based on our industry-specific due diligence
and experience.


3.Have Sustainable Competitive Advantages. We intend to target businesses that have sustainable competitive advantages
that would be challenging for a competitor to replicate. Factors contributing to sustainable competitive advantages may include:
(i) proprietary technology or trade secrets; (ii) broad distribution networks; (iii) well-established brand names; (iv) territorial
exclusivity; (iv) diverse and stable customer and supplier base; (v) low-cost production capability; (vi) a lack of available substitutes
and/or high search or switching costs; (vii) network effects; and (viii) limited exposure to technological obsolescence and cyclicality.
Our management team expects to target businesses that have demonstrated an ability to grow their market positions as a result of
one or more of these sustainable competitive advantages.


4.Have Strong Management Teams. We will target businesses that have strong, experienced management teams. In addition
to assisting with potential management additions, our management team may seek to optimize the management team of a potential target
business by introducing independent board members with relevant insight and experience.


5.Will Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to pursue a business that will benefit from being publicly-traded
or has been seeking an IPO and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with
being a publicly traded company. Businesses that have stories that have not been properly appreciated by typical IPO investors
due to short-term dislocation of sales and/or profits, a story lacking clear growth that can be critical in a typical IPO, or under-scale
for a typical IPO.


6.Is a Merger Candidate. Sub-scale company that needs to merge with a rival in order to gain enough scale to be properly
valued by the public markets.


7.Offers attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders.

 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation
relating to the merits of a particular initial business transaction may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines
as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we find an
opportunity that is more compelling to us than the opportunities described above, we would pursue such opportunity. However, we
have not established any particular parameters as to when we might turn our attention to opportunities that are not underperforming
and/or not operating in an industry undergoing a period of dislocation. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business
transaction with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business
does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business transaction.

 

Direct Involvement Post-Transaction

 

Because our management team knows what it is like to operate
in the cannabis industry, we understand the everyday challenges confronting other management teams in this industry. Not only do
we bring capital and resources to our investments, but we have the ability to anticipate their needs and equip them with solutions.
After the initial business combination, our management team intends to apply a rigorous approach to enhancing shareholder value,
including evaluating the experience and expertise of incumbent management and making changes when appropriate, examining opportunities
for revenue enhancement, cost savings, operating efficiencies and strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and accessing the financial
markets to optimize the company’s capital structure. We will pursue post-merger initiatives through participation on the
board of directors, through direct involvement with company operations and/or calling upon a stable of former managers and advisors
when necessary.

 



     60 
     
    

  


●Corporate Governance and Oversight. Actively participating
as board members can include many activities ranging from monthly or quarterly board meetings, chairing standing (compensation,
audit or investment committees) or special committees, to replacing or supplementing company management teams when necessary, adding
outside directors with industry expertise, providing guidance on strategic and operational issues including revenue enhancement
opportunities, cost savings, operating efficiencies as well as reviewing and testing annual budgets, reviewing acquisitions and
divestitures, and assisting in the accessing of capital markets to further optimize financing costs and fund expansion. As active
members on the board of directors, our management team members intend to evaluate the suitability of the incumbent organization
leaders. While not a pre-requisite, the management team has, on occasion, inserted themselves into interim or full-time management
roles in our portfolio companies when necessary.


●Direct Operational Involvement. Our management team, through
ongoing board service, intend to actively engage with company management to effect change in an organization. These activities
may include: (i) establishing an agenda for management and instilling a sense of accountability and urgency; (ii) aligning the
interest of management with growing shareholder value; (iii) providing strategic planning and management consulting assistance;
(iv) establishing measurable key performance metrics and accretive internal processes; and (v) right-sizing costs. These skill
sets will be integral to shareholder value creation.


●Access to Portfolio Company Managers and Advisors. When appropriate,
we intend to bring in outside directors, managers or consultants to assist in corporate governance and operational turnaround activities.
The use of supplemental advisors should provide additional resources to management to address time intensive issues that may be
delaying an organization from realizing fully its potential shareholder returns.

 

Status as a public company

 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business
combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would
exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash,
allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses might find this method
a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial
public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not
be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is
consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the
underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, that could prevent the offering from
occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing
management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests than it would have as a privately-held company. It can offer
further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented
employees. However there is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop. As a result,
this purported benefit may not be realized.

 

While we believe that our status as a public company will make
us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank
check company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company.
These inherent limitations include limitations on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities
pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination
or conduct a tender offer in relation thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding
warrants, which may represent a source of future dilution.

 



     61 
     
    

  

Financial position

 

With funds in the trust account of approximately $50,000,000
(or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) available to use for a business combination (assuming no stockholder
seeks conversion of their shares or seeks to sell their shares to us in a tender offer in relation to such business combination),
we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company
and a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash,
debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that
will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, since we have
no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing if we are forced
to use a significant portion of such funds for converting or tendering stockholders and there can be no assurance that it will
be available to us.

 

Effecting a Business Combination

 

General

 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in,
any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to utilize cash derived
from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of founders’ units, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of these in effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. Accordingly, investors in this offering are investing
without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which
desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking
a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal
and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more
than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business
combination.

 

We will have until 18 months from the closing of this offering
to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable
time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

 

We Have Not Identified a Target Business

 

To date, we have not selected any target business on which to
concentrate our search for a business combination. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we
have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business with respect to such
a transaction. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate such companies.
As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate a target business or that we will be able to engage in a business
combination with a target business on favorable terms or at all.

 



     62 
     
    

  

Subject to our officers’ and directors’ pre-existing
fiduciary duties and the limitation that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust
account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Except for the general criteria and guidelines set forth above under the caption
“Business Strategy,” we have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise)
for prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect a business
combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without
established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially
unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

 

Sources of Target Businesses

 

We expect to evaluate opportunities that are sourced through
the relationship networks of our management team, which includes numerous entrepreneurs, management teams, intermediaries and venture
capital funds.

 

Our management team has considerable expertise in the evaluation
of cannabis investments, with the benefit of further diligence support from our senior advisor.

 

While we have not yet identified any acquisition candidates,
we believe based on our management team’s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous acquisition candidates.
We expect that our principal means of identifying potential target businesses will be through the extensive contacts and relationships
of our management team. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying
or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have
developed over their careers and their access to their contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination
opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged
buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention
by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us
to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this
prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also
bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal
or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. They must present to us all
target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding
taxes payable on the income accrued in the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination,
subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of
professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms
or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be
determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor,
officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to,
or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the
type of transaction that it is) other than the $10,000 administrative services fee, the repayment of any loans from our sponsor,
officers and directors for working capital purposes and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee will review
and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with
any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However, we are not restricted from entering
into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors
and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated
stockholders from a financial point of view.

 



     63 
     
    

  

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business
Combination

 

Subject to our officers’ and directors’ pre-existing
fiduciary duties and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust
account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the
target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target
business. Except for the general criteria and guidelines set forth above under the caption “Acquisition Criteria,”
we have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses, except
that we will not invest in an entity or assets which violate, or aid and abet the violation, of federal law.

 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any
costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business
combination.

 

Fair Market Value of Target Business

 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on NASDAQ, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of
the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose fair
market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance.

 

We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to
acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business
combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of
the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but
we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50%
or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the
issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such
business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. In order
to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses
and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business
combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing
so. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally
accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with
our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not
able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an
unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the
type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.

 



     64 
     
    

  

We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment
banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with
the 80% threshold.

 

Lack of Business Diversification

 

We may seek to effect a business combination with more than
one target business, and there is no required minimum valuation standard for any target at the time of such acquisition. We expect
to complete only a single business combination, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating
businesses. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance
of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of
entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources
to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

 


●subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse
impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and

 


●result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products, processes or services.

 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses
and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business
is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability,
to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the
additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business.

 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’
Management

 

Although we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective
target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of the target business’ management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management
will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers
and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While
it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following
a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination.
Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able
to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form
of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure
you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular
target business.

 



     65 
     
    

  

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional
managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit
additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial
Business Combination

 

In connection with any proposed business combination, we will
either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders
may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote)
for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will
be structured so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his,
her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow
stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a
variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
seek stockholder approval. Unlike other blank check companies which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in
conjunction with their initial business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such
initial business combination even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote
and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer
tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate
our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek
stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.

 

We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure
that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, if we seek to
consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or
requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing
which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business
combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders
may therefore have to wait 18 months from the closing of this offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust
account.

 



     66 
     
    

  

Our sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to
vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, including the founders’ shares
and the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender
in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 1,762,501, or 35.3%, of the 5,000,000
public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved
(assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting).

 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates
has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of Class A common stock in this offering or from persons in the open market
or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of
stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, sponsor
or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of Class A common stock
if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation
of a company’s stock.

 

Conversion Rights

 

At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination,
public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid (which taxes may be paid only from the interest earned
on the funds in the trust account). Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares
of our Class A common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid.

 

We may also require public stockholders seeking conversion,
whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) tender their certificates to
our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC
(Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials
sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination.

 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker $45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver
shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However,
in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of
the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost
to stockholders.

 



     67 
     
    

  

Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to stockholders
in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy
such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our
proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek
to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the
delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in “street
name,” in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through
the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact.
Please see the risk factor titled “We may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed
business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their
conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights” for further information on the risks of failing
to comply with these requirements.

 

The foregoing is different from the procedures historically
used by some blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in connection with a blank check company’s
business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination,
and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder
was seeking to exercise his conversion rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder
to arrange for him to deliver his certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window”
after the consummation of the business combination during which he could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the
market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he could sell his shares in the open market before actually delivering his
shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit
before the stockholder meeting, would become a “continuing” right surviving past the consummation of the business combination
until the holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that
a holder’s election to convert his shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved.

 

Any request to convert such shares once made, may be withdrawn
at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share of Class A common stock
delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the
proposed business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically).

 

If the initial business combination is not approved or completed
for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their
shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial
business combination. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders.

 

Liquidation if No Business Combination

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we will have only 18 months from the closing of this offering to complete an initial business combination. If we have not
completed an initial business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable
and up to $15,000 of any remaining interest for dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case
of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law.

 



     68 
     
    

  

Our sponsor, executive officers, and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor,
any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so
that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with
respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above),
we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time.

 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may
be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our outstanding
public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered
a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including
a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which
the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are
made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such
stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder
would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.

 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed
to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case
of a liquidation distribution. If we are unable to complete a business combination within the prescribed time frame, we will (i)
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account net of interest that
may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable and up to $15,000 of any remaining interest for dissolution expenses,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 18-month anniversary of the closing of this offering, and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent
of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary
of such date.

 



     69 
     
    

  

Because we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known
to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought
against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and
our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would
be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses.

 

We are required to use our reasonable best efforts to have all
third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter
into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust
account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim
would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced
and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders.
Nevertheless, we cannot assure you of this fact as there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target
businesses will execute such agreements. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute
a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Our underwriters and auditor are the only third parties we are currently
aware of that may not execute a waiver. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will
not seek recourse against the trust account. Mr. Van Dyke has agreed that he will be personally liable to ensure that the proceeds
in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that he will
be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if he is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement Mr. Van Dyke entered
into specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity he has given: he will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts
owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the
underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently
verified whether Mr. Van Dyke has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations. We have not asked Mr. Van Dyke to reserve
for such indemnification obligations. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be
less than $10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion
to their respective equity interests, an aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable and up
to $15,000 of any remaining interest for dissolution expenses.

 

We anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to
begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate
such distribution. The holders of the founders’ shares and the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’
units have waived their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to such founders’ shares. There
will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs
of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and the interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account that we are permitted to withdraw to pay such expenses.

 



     70 
     
    

  

If we are unable to complete an initial business combination
and expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking
into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price would be $10.00. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of
public stockholders.

 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from
the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.

 

The holders of the founders’ shares or shares of Class
A common stock underlying the founders’ units will not participate in any redemption distribution from our trust account
with respect to such founders’ shares. Additionally, any loans made by our officers, directors, sponsors or their affiliates
for working capital needs will be forgiven and not repaid if we are unable to complete an initial business combination.

 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary
bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the
claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able
to return to our public stockholders at least $10.00 per share.

 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary
bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend
to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after twenty-four months from the date
of this prospectus, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors
with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons.

 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains
certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our stockholders. If we seek to amend any
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would stop our public stockholders from converting or
selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, we will
provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. This
redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive
officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors, and other holders of our founders’
units have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founders’ shares, shares of Class A common stock underlying
the founders’ units and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:

 



     71 
     
    

 


●we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide
our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder
vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein;

 


●we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation
and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
combination;

 


●if our initial business combination is not consummated within 18 months from the closing of this offering, then we will redeem
all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company;

 


●our shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein;

 


●upon the consummation of this offering, $50.0 million, or $57.5 million if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full, shall be placed into the trust account;

 


●we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and

 


●prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds
of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the Class A common stock sold in this offering on any matter.

 

Competition

 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business,
we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are
well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses
that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses
may be limited by our available financial resources.

 

The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target
businesses:

 


●our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion
of a transaction;

 



     72 
     
    

  


●our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of Class A common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources
available to us for a business combination;

 


●our Class B stock converting into shares of Class A common stock as described herein; and

 


●our outstanding warrants and unit purchase options, and the potential future dilution they represent.

 

Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential
access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar
business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms.

 

If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will
be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a
business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively.

 

Facilities

 

We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 10124
Foxhurst Court, Orlando, Florida 32836. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month aggregate fee our sponsor
will charge us for general and administrative services commencing on the date of this prospectus pursuant to a letter agreement
between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services in the Orlando area that the fee charged by
our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space,
combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations.

 

Employees

 

We have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business
combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to
acquire has been located, management will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the
business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target
business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our
business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination.

 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements

 

We have registered our units, common stock and warrants under
the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and
reported on by our independent registered public accountants.

 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements
of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to
assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled
to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards. We cannot assure you
that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements.
To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.

 



     73 
     
    

  

 We may be required to have our internal control procedures
audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such acquisition. 

 

Legal Proceedings

 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental
proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team.

 



     74 
     
    

 

Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject
to Rule 419

 

The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our
offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds,
underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters
will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we
will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current
Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact

 



     
     
    Terms of the Offering
     
    Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering

    Escrow of offering proceeds
     
    $50,000,000 of the net offering proceeds including the $2,250,000 we will receive from the sale of the founders’ units will be deposited into a U.S. — based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.
     
    $43,650,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.

     
     
     
     
     

    Investment of net proceeds
     
    The $50,000,000 of net offering proceeds including the $2,250,000 we will receive from the sale of the founders’ units held in trust will only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
     
    Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.

     
     
     
     
     



     75 
     
    

 



     
     
    Terms of the Offering
     
    Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering

    Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
     
    So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
     
    We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.

     
     
     
     
     

    Trading of securities issued
     
    The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The shares of Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if such option is exercised prior to the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise and consummation of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. has allowed separate trading of the shares of Class A common stock and warrants prior to the 90th day after the date of this prospectus.
     
    No trading of the units or the underlying shares of Class A common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.

     
     
     
     
     

    Exercise of the warrants
     
    The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of a business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed
     
    The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.

     
     
     
     
     



     76 
     
    

 



     
     
    Terms of the Offering
     
    Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering

    Election to remain an investor
     
    We will either (1) give our stockholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our Class A common stock to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each stockholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we must provide at least 10 days advance notice of any meeting of stockholders. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to exercise their rights to convert their shares into cash or to remain an investor in our company. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. Under the tender offer rules, a tender offer must remain open for 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to sell their shares to us in such a tender offer or to remain an investor in our company.
     
    A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued.

     
     
     
     
     



     77 
     
    

 



     
     
    Terms of the Offering
     
    Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering

    Business combination deadline
     
    Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable  and up to $15,000 of any remaining interest for dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
     
    If an acquisition has not been consummated within 18 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors.

     
     
     
     
     

    Interest earned on the funds in the trust account
     
    There can be released to us, from time to time, any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we may need to pay our franchise and income tax obligations and up to $15,000 for any dissolution expenses. The remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
     
    All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in trust for the benefit of public stockholders until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.

     
     
     
     
     

    Release of funds
     
    Except for any amounts that we may need to pay our franchise and income tax obligations and up to $15,000 for dissolution expenses, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
     
    The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.

 



     78 
     
    

  

MANAGEMENT

 

Directors and Executive Officers

 

Our current directors, director nominees and executive officers
are as follows:

 



     Name 
       
     Age 
       
       
       
     Position 

     Steven Van Dyke 
       
     58 
       
       
       
     Chairman 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Scott Sozio 
       
     38 
       
       
       
     Chief Executive Officer and Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Tahira Rehmatullah 
       
     35 
       
       
       
     Chief Financial Officer 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Emily Paxhia 
       
     37 
       
       
       
     Director Nominee 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Anthony Georgiadis 
       
     39 
       
       
       
     Director Nominee 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     W. Jake Bergmann 
       
     31 



       
       
       
     Director Nominee 

 

Steven Van Dyke, Chairman

 

Mr. Van Dyke has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors
since September 2017. Mr. Van Dyke is a Co-Founder and Chairman of Hypur Ventures, L.P., or Hypur Ventures, a cannabis-focused
venture capital fund founded in 2016. His role at Hypur Ventures is to guide portfolio construction and deal structuring. Mr. Van
Dyke has more than 30 years of capital management experience, having founded and run two hedge funds with over $1 billion in assets
under management, most recently as founding partner of New York-based BHR Capital LLC, a hedge fund with over $1 billion in assets
under management at the time of his departure in 2012. Mr. Van Dyke founded BHR’s predecessor firm, Bay Harbour Management,
L.C. in 1996, growing it into a $1 billion distressed-debt focused hedge fund. Mr. Van Dyke built his career and reputation around
his expertise in alternative investments, including restructurings, venture capital and real estate. In addition to his role at
Hypur Ventures, Mr. Van Dyke has managed his own capital out of his family office, Van Dyke Holdings, since its founding in 2013.
Since 2003, Mr. Van Dyke has served as a Director of American Banknote Corp., a secure payment, credit card and documents company
and since 2015 as a Director of GCH, Inc., the parent company of the Willie’s Reserve brand, the namesake cannabis brand
of Willie Nelson. He is a former director of TelCove, Inc. (from 2005 to 2006), a telecom provider, and Great Destinations, Inc.
(from 2013 to 2016), a timeshare sales business. Mr. Van Dyke graduated from the University of Kentucky with his BBA in Finance.
He is a Chartered Financial Analyst, a member of the Association for Investment Management and Research and the Society of International
Business Fellows. Mr. Van Dyke is well-qualified to serve as a Director due to his extensive experience in the cannabis industry,
as well as his expertise in finance and alternative investments.

 

 Scott Sozio, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

 

 Mr. Sozio has been our Chief Executive Officer since September
2017 and a Director since December 2017. Mr. Sozio is also a Co-Founder and Managing Director of Hypur Ventures since 2016, where
he sources, structures, negotiates and executes portfolio investments. Since 2015, Mr. Sozio has been a Director of Hypur Inc.,
a financial technology firm focused on banking compliance, and since 2016, a Director of Simplifya Holdings, LLC, a cannabis compliance
technology business, both portfolio companies of Hypur Ventures. Mr. Sozio has also been a Partner at the family office investment
firm of our Chairman, Van Dyke Holdings, since its inception in 2013. Since the founding of Van Dyke Holdings, Mr. Sozio has been
responsible for its private investment portfolio, and he led its initial deal in the cannabis industry in 2014. Prior to joining
Van Dyke Holdings, Mr. Sozio was a Vice President of Bay Harbour Management L.C., a distressed-debt focused hedge fund founded
by our Chairman. He joined Bay Harbour in 2004 after working in the Financial Restructuring Advisory Group at CIBC World Markets.
Mr. Sozio is the former Chairman of Island One, Inc., a timeshare company based in Florida (from 2011 to 2012), and acquired by
Diamond Resorts as part of Diamond’s IPO, and a former Director of Great Destinations, Inc., a timeshare sales business
based in California (from 2013 to 2016), and acquired by Interval International in 2016. Mr. Sozio holds a B.A. in Architecture
from Columbia University. Mr. Sozio is well-qualified to serve as a Director due to his extensive experience in the cannabis industry,
as well as his expertise in finance and alternative investments. 

 



     79 
     
    

  

Tahira Rehmatullah, Chief Financial Officer

 

Ms. Rehmatullah has been our Chief Financial Officer since September
2017. Since 2016, Ms. Rehmatullah has been a Managing Director of Hypur Ventures, where she is responsible for portfolio company
management as well as investment sourcing and execution. Since June 2017, Ms. Rehmatullah has served as a Director of Dope Media,
a cannabis media company and portfolio company of Hypur Ventures. Prior to joining Hypur Ventures, from 2014 to 2016 Ms. Rehmatullah
served as the General Manager of Marley Natural, a cannabis brand based on the life and legacy of Bob Marley, where she was responsible
for the brand launch as well as managing its day-to-day operations. From 2014 to 2016, she was also an Investment Manager at Privateer
Holdings, a private equity firm with investments in the legal cannabis industry. Prior to her activities in the cannabis industry,
from 2011 to 2012, Ms. Rehmatullah was a Portfolio Manager at City First Enterprises, or CFE, where she was responsible for underwriting,
structuring and managing deals for their community development and investment portfolio. Before CFE, from 2007 to 2011 Ms. Rehmatullah
was an associate at Perry Capital where she led research initiatives for the asset-backed securities team. Her career began in
Ernst & Young’s Financial Services Advisory practice in 2005. Ms. Rehmatullah holds an M.B.A. from the Yale School of
Management and was a Yale Entrepreneurial Institute Venture Creation Advisor. She holds a B.S. in Finance and minor in Life Sciences
from The Ohio State University where she graduated Magna Cum Laude and was a Presidential Scholar.

 

Emily Paxhia, Director Nominee

 

Ms. Paxhia will serve as a member of our Board of Directors
upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms part. Ms. Paxhia is a co-founder and Managing
Director of Poseidon Investment Management, which has two private funds dedicated to cannabis and hemp related investments, and
has served in such role since 2013. The Poseidon team launched its first fund in 2014, and has been actively investing in the cannabis
industry since that time, recently launching a later-stage cannabis and hemp fund in October 2017. Poseidon has over 30 portfolio
companies across several verticals in the industry in the United States and abroad. In her role as co-founder of Poseidon, Ms.
Paxhia participates in portfolio-wide investment decisions and market research, interacts with management of portfolio companies,
monitors their performance, serves as a primary negotiator for approved transactions, maintains industry business relationships
to generate on-going deal flow and works with external capital providers to gain support for investment financing. She is currently
a director of Dope Media (from 2016 to present), a brand and publishing company, Tradiv, Inc. (from 2016 to present), a digital
B2B wholesale platform, Flowhub, LLC (from 2015 to present), a compliance technology solution, and the Marijuana Policy Project,
a marijuana policy reform organization. She also participates as an adviser to several of Poseidon’s portfolio companies
such as Wurkforce, Inc., a human capital software platform (from 2016 to present), Baker Technologies, Inc., a consumer engagement
and loyalty technology solution (from 2015 to present), and Headset, Inc., a cannabis business intelligence technology (from 2015
to present). Ms. Paxhia graduated from New York University with an M.A. in Psychology and earned a B.A. in Psychology from Skidmore
College. Ms. Paxhia is well-qualified to serve as a Director due to her extensive experience in the cannabis industry, as well
as her background in sourcing, negotiating and managing investments.

 



     80 
     
    

  

Anthony Georgiadis, Director Nominee

 

Mr. Georgiadis will serve as a member of our Board of
Directors upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms part. Since 2000, Mr.
Georgiadis has been a private investor and entrepreneur, serving since 2015 as Partner of Green Thumb Industries, a
vertically integrated cannabis retailer licensed in six states. Mr. Georgiadis became involved in the cannabis industry in
early 2014 after exploring cannabidiol (CBD) for treatment on his dog, who was epileptic. Since then, Mr. Georgiadis has
invested in more than 12 cannabis-related companies including industry leaders such as PAX (vapor technology), Cannasure
(insurance), Headset (data analytics) and Baker (customer engagement). Prior to entering the cannabis industry, from 2005 to
2015, Mr. Georgiadis was the Chief Operating Officer of Wendover Art Group, a Florida-based manufacturing business that he
helped grow into a nationally prominent manufacturer of wall décor. Prior to that, from 2000 to 2002 he worked as an
M&A analyst for Bowles Hollowell Conner & Co., and from 2002 to 2005 as an investment associate for CIVC Partners, a
Chicago-based private equity firm. Mr. Georgiadis graduated magna cum laude from Bucknell University with a degree in finance
and a minor in mathematics. Mr. Georgiadis is well-qualified to serve as a Director due to his extensive experience in the
cannabis industry, his operational expertise as well as his background in finance and investing.

 

 W. Jake Bergmann, Director Nominee 

 

 Mr. Bergmann will serve as a member of our Board of Directors
upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms part. In 2014, he founded Surterra Holdings
Inc., a cannabis operator with vertically integrated licenses in Florida and Texas, and has served as its Chief Executive Officer
since its foundation. Mr. Bergmann began his career in 2010 as an investment banking analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, where
he worked on acquisitions, structured debt originations and asset dispositions until 2012. In 2010, he also founded Valkyrie Capital,
a global macroeconomic-themed investment fund, and served as its Chief Investment Officer until 2014 where he led asset allocation
strategy, investment research, fund manager due diligence and direct equity, start-up and real estate investments. Mr. Bergmann
holds B.A. degrees in Finance and Real Estate from Georgia State University and a Certificate of Public Finance from the London
School of Economics. Mr. Bergmann is well-qualified to serve as a Director due to his experience in the cannabis industry, as
well as his background in finance and investment management. 



 

Douglas Rothschild, Senior Advisor

 

Douglas Rothschild, our senior advisor, is a senior analyst
at Scoggin Management LP, a privately owned hedge fund sponsor, assisting in the management of its investment
portfolio. Since joining Scoggin Capital in 2002, he has focused on analyzing and investing in both public and private securities
across all asset sectors. Prior to joining Scoggin Capital, Mr. Rothschild was an associate in the asset management group
of Goldman Sachs from 1997 to 2002, where he focused on the real estate, lodging and gaming sectors. Mr. Rothschild received
a B.A. in Finance from the Sy Syms School of Business at Yeshiva University. He is a CFA charterholder.

 

We currently expect our senior advisor to (i) assist us in sourcing
potential business combination targets, (ii) provide business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and
(iii) upon our request, provide business insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. In this
regard, he will fulfill some of the same functions as our board members. However, our senior advisor will not perform board or
committee functions, nor will he have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. He will also not be required to devote
any specific amount of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject.
We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential business combination targets or create value in businesses
that we may acquire.

 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

 

 Our board of directors is divided into two classes with
only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ms.
Paxhia, Mr. Georgiadis and Mr. Bergmann, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second
class of directors, consisting of Mr. Van Dyke and Mr. Sozio, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. We do
not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

 

Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve
at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to
appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist
of a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer
and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

 



     81 
     
    

  

Executive Compensation

 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation for
services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of this prospectus through the acquisition of a target business, we will pay our
sponsor an aggregate fee of $10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However,
this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our executive officers or directors compensation in lieu
of a salary.

 

Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee and the
repayment of any loans made by our sponsor to us, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s, consulting fees
and other similar fees, will be paid to our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services
rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, they will receive repayment of any loans from our sponsor, officers and directors for working capital purposes
and reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying
potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well
as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us.

 

After our initial business combination, members of our management
team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being
fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business
combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as
required by the SEC.

 

Director Independence

 

 Currently Ms. Paxhia, Mr. Georgiadis and Mr. Bergmann would
each be considered an “independent director” under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in
the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

 

Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present.

 

Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable
to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions
with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.

 

Audit Committee

 

 Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish
an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Ms. Paxhia, Mr. Georgiadis and Mr. Bergmann each of whom is
an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our
Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

 


●reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending
to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;

 


●discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection
with the preparation of our financial statements;

 


●discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;

 


●monitoring the independence of the independent auditor;

 



     82 
     
    

  


●verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit
partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

 


●reviewing and approving all related-party transactions;

 


●inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

 


●pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the
fees and terms of the services to be performed;

 


●appointing or replacing the independent auditor;

 


●determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between
management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or
related work;

 


●establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal
accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and

 


●approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.

 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee

 

The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively
of “independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under Nasdaq’s listing standards.
Nasdaq’s standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements,
including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.

 

 In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee
has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional
certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication.
The board of directors has determined that Mr. Georgiadis qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined
under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

 

Nominating Committee

 

Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish
a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Ms. Paxhia and Mr. Georgiadis, each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons
to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
stockholders, investment bankers and others.

 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in
the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:

 


●should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

 


●should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors
and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

 



     83 
     
    

  


●should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests
of the stockholders.

 

The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications
relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy
for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience
and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among
nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons.

 

Compensation Committee

 

Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish
a compensation committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Ms. Paxhia and Mr. Georgiadis, each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation
Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:

 


●reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s
compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

 


●reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;

 


●reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

 


●implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

 


●assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

 


●approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive
officers and employees;

 


●if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

 


●reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

 

Code of Ethics

 

Effective upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt
a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business
and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.

 

Conflicts of Interest

 

Investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts
of interest:

 


●None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts
of interest in allocating their time among various business activities.

 



     84 
     
    

  


●In the course of their other business activities, our sponsor, officers and directors may become aware of investment and business
opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated.
However, our officers and directors have agreed to present to us all suitable target business opportunities, subject to any fiduciary
or contractual obligations.

 


●Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and sponsor will not receive reimbursement for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited
in the trust account.

 


●The founders’ shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business
combination is successfully completed, and the founders’ units, including the underlying shares of Class A common stock and
founders’ warrants, purchased by our sponsor will expire worthless if a business combination is not consummated. Additionally,
our officers and directors will not receive liquidation distributions with respect to any of their founders’ shares or the
shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed that the founders’
units, and all of their underlying securities, will not be sold or transferred by it until after we have completed a business combination.
For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate
to effect a business combination with.

 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:

 


●the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;

 


●the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and

 


●it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the
corporation.

 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations,
our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed
criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity
with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our
favor.

 

In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may
arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, until the earliest of our execution of a definitive agreement for a business combination, our liquidation or
such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to
any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any fiduciary
or contractual obligations he might have. Accordingly, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that
the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our executive officers or directors in circumstances
where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have.

 



     85 
     
    

 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive
officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

 



     Individual 
       
     Entity 
       
     Entity’s
    Business 
       
     Affiliation 

     Steven
    Van Dyke 
       
     Hypur
    Ventures, L.P. 
       
     Investment 
       
     Chairman 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     Van Dyke
    Holdings 
       
     Family
    Office 
       
     Founder 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     American
    Banknote Corp. 
       
     Payments 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     GHC, Inc. 
       
     Holding
    Company 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Scott
    Sozio 
       
     Hypur
    Ventures, L.P. 
       
     Investment 
       
     Managing
    Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     Hypur
    Inc. 
       
     FinTech 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     Simplifya
    Holdings, LLC 
       
     Compliance 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     Van Dyke
    Holdings 
       
     Family
    Office 
       
     Partner 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Tahira
    Rehmatullah 
       
     Hypur
    Ventures, L.P. 
       
     Investment 
       
     Managing
    Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     Dope Media 
       
     Media
    and Branding 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Emily
    Paxhia 
       
     Poseidon
    Asset Management 
       
     Investments 
       
     Managing
    Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

       
       
     Dope Media 
       
     Media
    and Branding 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

    
       
     Tradiv 
       
     Technology 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

    
       
     FlowHub 
       
     Technology 
       
     Director 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     Anthony
    Georgiadis 
       
     Green
    Thumb Industries 
       
     Investments 
       
     Partner 

       
       
       
       
       
       
       

     W. Jake Bergmann 
       
     Surterra Holdings Inc. 
       
     Cannabis Operations 
       
     Officer 




 

In addition, our executive officers and directors have agreed
not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with
a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of this
offering.

 

If we submit our initial business combination to our public
stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote any shares held by them
in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in
any liquidation distribution with respect to their founders’ shares or the shares of Class A common stock underlying the
founders’ units. If they purchase shares of Class A common stock as part of this offering or in the open market, however,
they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert
or sell such shares to us in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination.

 

All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our
officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available
from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent”
directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense,
to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent”
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with
respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.

 



     86 
     
    

  

PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS

 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this prospectus and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our shares of
Class A common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in
this offering), by:

 


●each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;

 


●each of our officers, directors and director nominees; and

 


●all of our officers, directors and director nominees as a group.

 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named
in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following
table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units offered by this prospectus or the founders’
warrants included in the founders’ units as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.

 



          
     Prior to Offering       
     After Offering(3)    

     Name and Address of Beneficial
    Owner(1)    
     Amount and
    Nature of Beneficial
    Ownership(2)       
     Approximate Percentage of Outstanding
    Shares of common stock       
     Amount and Nature of Beneficial
    Ownership       
     Approximate Percentage of Outstanding
    Ordinary Shares    

     MTech
    Sponsor LLC(4)    
        1,437,500       
        100.0  %    
        1,475,000       
        22.8  % 

     Game
    Boy Partners, LLC(4)    
        1,437,500       
        100.0  %    
        1,475,000       
        22.8  % 

     Steven Van Dyke    
        1,437,500       
        100.0  %    
        1,475,000       
        22.8  % 

     Scott Sozio    
        1,437,500       
        100.0  %    
        1,475,000       
        22.8  % 

     Tahira Rehmatullah    
        —       
        *    
        —       
        * 

     Emily Paxhia    
        —       
        *    
        —       
        * 

     Anthony Georgiadis    
        —       
        *    
        —       
        * 

     W. Jake Bergmann    
        —       
           *    
        — 


      
           * 

     All directors and executive officers as a group (6
    individuals)    
        1,437,500       
        100.0  %    
        1,475,000       
        22.8  % 


 



 




*Less than 1%.



(1)Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 10124 Foxhurst Court, Orlando, Florida 32836.




(2)Interests shown consist solely of founders’ shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to
adjustment, as described in the section entitled “Description of Securities.”


(3)Assumes no exercise of the over-allotment option and, therefore, the forfeiture of an aggregate of 187,500 shares of common
stock held by our sponsor. Includes the 225,000 founders’ units to be purchased by our sponsor simultaneously with the consummation
of this offering.


(4)Represents shares held by MTech Sponsor LLC, our sponsor. Each of our officers, directors and director
nominees is a member of our sponsor or owns, indirectly, membership interests in our sponsor through a managing member entity.
Messrs Van Dyke and Sozio, our Chairman and our Chief Executive Officer respectively, are the managing members of SS FL, LLC,
which is one of the managing members of our sponsor. Accordingly, they may be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership
of such shares. The managing member of our sponsor’s other managing member, Game Boy Partners, LLC is Drew Effron, and
he may be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. Other individuals who are members of Game
Boy Partners, LLC​ are Craig Effron (brother of Drew Effron), Curtis Schenker and our senior advisor, Douglas Rothschild.  This
number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 founders’ shares that are subject to forfeiture if the overallotment option
is not exercised by the underwriters in full. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other
than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly.

 



     87 
     
    

  

Immediately after this offering, our sponsor will beneficially
own 22.8% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units offered by this prospectus
but including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units). None of our sponsor, officers and directors
has indicated to us that it or they intend to purchase our securities in the offering. Because of the ownership block held by our
sponsor (and our officers and directors through their ownership of membership interests of the sponsor), our sponsor and such individuals
may be able to effectively exercise influence over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of
directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination.

 

If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the
over-allotment option, an aggregate of 187,500 founders’ shares will be forfeited. Only a number of shares necessary to maintain
the collective 20% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering (not including the shares
of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units) and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment
option will be necessary.

 

All of the founders’ shares outstanding prior to the date
of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent.

 

50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold
or released from escrow until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent
to our business combination, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period, and the
remaining 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until one year after the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination. Up to 187,500 of the founders’ shares may also be released from escrow
earlier than this date for cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above. All of the founders’
shares may be released from escrow earlier than as described above if within that time period, we consummate a subsequent liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

 

During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not
be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our officers, directors, employees,
consultants, advisors or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity’s officers, directors, employees or members, (iii) to relatives
and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination, or (vii) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than
the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where
the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions and other agreements
of our initial stockholder as set forth herein, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation,
the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared
and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination
and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founders’ shares.

 



     88 
     
    

  

Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of
225,000 units, or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private
placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment
option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a
maximum of 18,750 founders’ units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain
in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased
in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment
option. The founders’ units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the underlying founders’ warrants:
(i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so
long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. If the founders’ warrants are held by holders other
than our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the founders’ warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by
the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Our sponsor has agreed not to
transfer, assign or sell any of the founders’ units or their underlying securities, including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the founders’ warrants (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares
may be transferred as described above), until after the completion of our initial business combination.

 

In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation
of this offering, our sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The
notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the founders’
units. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven.

 

Our chairman, executive officers and members of the managing members of our sponsor may be deemed
to be our “founders” or “organizers”.

 



     89 
     
    

  

CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS

 

In September 2017, we issued 1,437,500 shares of Class B common
stock to MTech Sponsor LLC for $25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately $0.017 per share, in connection with our organization.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business
combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common
stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related
to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class
A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive
such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total
number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock
underlying the founders’ units) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued
in connection with the business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in the business combination or pursuant to units (and their underlying securities) issued to our sponsor upon conversion of working
capital loans, after taking into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the business combination.

 

If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their
over-allotment option, our initial stockholder prior to this offering will forfeit up to an aggregate of 187,500 shares of Class
B common stock in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised.

 

If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should
be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share dividend or a contribution back
to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial stockholder’s ownership at a percentage
of the number of shares to be sold in this offering.

 

Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of
225,000 units, or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private
placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment
option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a
maximum of 18,750 founders’ units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain
in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased
in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment
option. We believe the purchase price of the founders’ units is greater than the fair value of such units and therefore will
not result in any share-based compensation expense. The founders’ units are identical to the units sold in this offering
except that the underlying founders’ warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on
a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so long as they are held our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the
founders’ warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in
the units being sold in this offering. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founders’ units
or their underlying securities, including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the founders’ warrants (except
to certain permitted transferees), until after the completion of our initial business combination.

 

In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation
of this offering, our sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The
notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the founders’
units. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven.

 



     90 
     
    

  

The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding
on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the founders’ units and any units our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled
to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of
a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority
of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the
date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the founders’ units
or units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

 

 As of the date of this prospectus, we have received an aggregate
of $130,000 of advances from related parties to cover expenses related to this offering. The advances are non-interest bearing
and are due on demand. We intend to repay these advances from the proceeds of this offering not being placed in trust. 

 

Our sponsor has agreed that, commencing on the effective date
of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make
available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we
may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay our sponsor an aggregate of $10,000 per month for these services. Mr. Van
Dyke, our Chairman, and Mr. Sozio, our President and Chief Executive Officer, are the managing members of one of the managing members
of our sponsor. Each of our officers, directors and director nominees is a member of our sponsor or owns, indirectly, membership
interests in our sponsor through a managing member entity. Accordingly, they will benefit from the transaction to the extent of
their interest in our sponsor. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers
or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services in the Orlando, Florida
area, that the fee charged by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person.

 

Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation
or fees of any kind, including finder’s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our sponsor, members of
our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our
initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive the repayment
of any loans from our sponsor, officers and directors for working capital purposes and reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business
due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses
reimbursable by us.

 

After our initial business combination, members of our management
team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being
fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business
combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as
required by the SEC.

 



     91 
     
    

  

All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our
officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available
from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent”
directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense,
to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent”
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with
respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.

 

Related Party Policy

 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible,
all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant,
and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our
shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another
entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to
perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her
family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position.

 

Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be
responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee
will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related
party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the
same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction. No director may participate
in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee
with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete
a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.

 

These procedures are intended to determine whether any such
related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer.

 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed
not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors
unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested
independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view.

 



     92 
     
    

  

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

 

General

 

As of the date of this prospectus, we are authorized to issue
15,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001, 3,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 and 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001. As of the date of this prospectus, 1,437,500 shares of Class B common stock are outstanding.
No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. The following description summarizes the material terms of our securities.
Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should
refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the form of warrant agreement, which are filed as exhibits
to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law.

 

Units

 

 Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock
and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock. 

 

The shares of Class A common stock and warrants will begin to
trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision
to allow earlier separate trading, provided that in no event may the shares of Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately
until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of
the gross proceeds of this offering. Once the shares of Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will
have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces.

 

We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an
audited balance sheet promptly upon the consummation of this offering. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we receive
from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the
over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated
financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment
thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K information indicating if EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. has allowed separate trading of the shares
of Class A common stock and warrants prior to the 90th day after the date of this prospectus.

 

Common Stock

 

Our stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each
share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination,
our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by
them immediately prior to this offering, the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units and any shares
purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination.

 

We will consummate our initial business combination only if
we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination,
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.

 



     93 
     
    

 

Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each
of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible
to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors.

 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
if we do not consummate an initial business combination by 18 months from the closing of this offering, our corporate existence
will cease except for the purposes of winding up our affairs and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to an initial
business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to share ratably in the trust account, based on the amount then held
in the trust account, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any). Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their
rights to participate in any liquidation distribution occurring upon our failure to consummate an initial business combination
with respect to the founder’s Class B common stock. Our sponsor, officers and directors will therefore not participate in
any liquidation distribution with respect to such shares. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution with
respect to any shares of Class A common stock acquired in connection with or following this offering but not with respect to any
shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units.

 

Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription
rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders
have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their shares of Class A common stock converted to cash equal
to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination in connection with such business
combination and the business combination is completed. Public stockholders who sell or convert their stock into their share of
the trust account still have the right to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units.

 

Founders’ Shares

 

The holders of the founders’ shares have agreed (i) that
the founders’ shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below and (ii) (A) to waive
their redemption rights with respect to the founders’ shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our business
combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founders’
shares and the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units if we fail to complete our business combination
within 18 months from the closing of this offering, although our initial stockholder (or any of our executive officers, directors
or affiliates) will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares acquired
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time period. The founders’ shares are
automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein. If we submit our business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholder has agreed to vote its founders’ shares, the shares of Class
A common stock underlying its founders’ units and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our
initial business combination and our executive officers, directors and director nominees have also agreed to vote any public shares
purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 1,762,501
of the 5,000,000 public shares, or 35.3%, sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order
to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and all shares were present and entitled
to vote at the meeting). Permitted transferees of our sponsor will be subject to the same obligations of such purchasers.

 



     94 
     
    

  

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert
into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at
which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or
deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common
stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding
upon completion of this offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units) plus all
shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination,
excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination or pursuant
to units (and their underlying securities) issued to our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, after taking into account
any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the business combination. The term “equity-linked securities”
refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issued
in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement
of equity or debt. Securities could be “deemed issued” for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares
are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities.

 

Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50% of their founders’
shares will not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
and the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares will not be transferred, assigned or sold until one year after the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination.

 

Preferred Stock

 

There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. No shares of preferred stock are being
issued or registered in this offering. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue
preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or
other rights of the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination,
from issuing preferred stock which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with
the common stock on a business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to effect a business combination. In
addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the
future.

 

Redeemable Warrants

 

 No warrants are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from
the closing of this offering. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares
of Class A common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial
business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the
exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or
another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each
holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the
difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair
market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares
of Class A common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire
on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. 

 



     95 
     
    

  

The founders’ warrants underlying the founders’
units, as well as any warrants underlying the units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans made to us, will be identical to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except
that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and will not be redeemable
by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsor, other purchasers of our founders’ units, or their affiliates.
The founders’ units and their underlying securities may not be sold or transferred until after we have completed a business
combination.

 

We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the founders’
warrants and any warrants underlying units issued to our sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made
to us but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued to EarlyBirdCapital and/or
its designees), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant,

 


●at any time during the exercise period,

 


●upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder,

 


●if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period
ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and

 


●if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying
such warrants.

 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants
are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant
will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant.

 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established
at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient
differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result
of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.

 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.”
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common
stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the
shares of Class A common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.

 



     96 
     
    

  

The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant
agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants in order
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.

 

The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock
issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances
of shares of Class A common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices.

 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant
certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side
of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified
or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or
privileges of holders of shares of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares
of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.

 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to
use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants as promptly as practicable and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required
to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise.

 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on
the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent
that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the shares of common stock
outstanding.

 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants.
If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to the warrant agreement, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares
of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.

 

Purchase Option

 

We have agreed to sell to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees)
an option to purchase up to 250,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to
those offered by this prospectus. See “Underwriting.”

 

Dividends

 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in
our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.

 



     97 
     
    

  

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

 

The transfer agent for our securities and warrant agent for
our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 17 Battery Place, New York, New York 10004.

 

Listing of our Securities

 

We have applied to list our units, Class A common stock and
warrants on NASDAQ under the symbols “MTECU,” “MTEC” and “MTECW,” respectively. We expect that
our units will be listed on NASDAQ on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date the
shares of our Class A common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common stock
and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on NASDAQ. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing
on NASDAQ.

 



     98 
     
    

  

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws

 

Staggered board of directors

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that our board of directors will be classified into two classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most
circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.
Furthermore, because our board is classified, directors may be removed only with cause by a majority of our outstanding shares.

 

Special meeting of stockholders

 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders
may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.

 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and
director nominations

 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business
before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders,
must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be received by the
company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier
than the open of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting
of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply
with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from
making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.

 

Authorized but unissued shares

 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock
are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued
and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by
means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

 

Exclusive Forum Selection

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees
for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and,
if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits our company by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits
against our directors and officers.

 

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

 

We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances,
from engaging in a “business combination” with:

 



     99 
     
    

  


●a stockholder who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);

 


●an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or

 


●an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.

 

A “business combination” includes a merger or sale
of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:

 


●our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to
the date of the transaction;

 


●after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder
owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares
of common stock; or

 


●on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized
at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.

 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors
and Officers

 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or
may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their
duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful
payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions
as directors.

 

Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would
permit indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our
directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against
our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers.

 

These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a
lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood
of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us
and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of
settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these
provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and
officers.

 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise,
we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.

 



     100 
     
    

 

SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE

 

Immediately after this offering, we will have 5,225,000 shares
of Class A common stock outstanding, or 5,993,750 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, and 1,250,000 shares
of Class B common stock outstanding, or 1,437,500 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the
5,000,000 shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, or 5,750,000 shares of Class A common stock if the over-allotment
option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except
for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining
shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.
All of those shares have been placed in escrow and will not be transferable until they are released except in limited circumstances
described elsewhere in this prospectus.

 

Rule 144

 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of common
stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed
to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject
to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned
restricted shares of common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three
months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any
three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following:

 


●1% of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 64,750 shares immediately after this offering
(or 74,313 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and

 


●the average weekly trading volume of the shares of common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice
on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions
and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or
Former Shell Companies

 

Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies,
like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for
resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that
has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the
following conditions are met:

 


●the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

 


●the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

 


●the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the
preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K
reports; and

 


●at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting
its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

 



     101 
     
    

  

As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our sponsor
will be able to sell its founders’ shares and the shares of Class A common stock underlying the founders’ units freely
without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming it is not an affiliate of ours
at that time.

 

Registration Rights

 

The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding
on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the founders’ units (and their underlying securities) and any units
our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying
securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of
this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities.
The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority
of the founders’ units or units issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital
loans made to us (in each case, including the underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

 



     102 
     
    

  

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS

 

The following are the material U.S. federal income and estate
tax considerations with respect to your ownership and disposition of our units or components thereof, which we refer to collectively
as our securities, assuming you purchase the securities in this offering and will hold them as capital assets within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).

 

This discussion does not address all of the U.S. federal income
and estate tax considerations that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, and it does not describe all
of the tax consequences that may be relevant to persons subject to special rules, such as:

 


●certain financial institutions;

 


●insurance companies;

 


●dealers and traders in securities or foreign currencies;

 


●persons holding our securities as part of a hedge, straddle, conversion transaction or other integrated transaction;

 


●former citizens or residents of the United States;

 


●U.S. persons whose functional currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar;

 


●partnerships or other entities classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

 


●persons liable for the alternative minimum tax; and

 


●tax-exempt organizations.

 

The following does not discuss any aspect of state, local or
non-U.S. taxation. This discussion is based on current provisions of the Code, Treasury regulations, judicial opinions, published
positions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and all other applicable authorities, all of which are subject
to change, possibly with retroactive effect.

 

If an entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes holds our securities, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and
the activities of the entity. If you are a partner in such an entity, you should consult your tax advisor.

 

WE URGE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS
REGARDING THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. INCOME, ESTATE AND OTHER TAX CONSIDERATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ACQUIRING, HOLDING
AND DISPOSING OF OUR SECURITIES.

 

 Each unit will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes
as an investment unit consisting of one share of our Class A common stock and one warrant to acquire one share of our Class A
common stock, subject to adjustment. In determining your basis for the Class A common stock and one warrant composing a unit,
you should allocate your purchase price for the unit between the components on the basis of their relative fair market values
at the time of issuance. 

 

Personal Holding Company Status

 

We could be subject to United States federal income tax at rates
in excess of those generally applicable to corporations on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding
company, or PHC, for United States federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a PHC for United
States federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or
fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities
such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive
ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted
ordinary gross income, as determined for United States federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income
(which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents).

 



     103 
     
    

  

Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination,
it is possible that at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition,
depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt
organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50% of our stock will be owned or deemed owned
(pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be
given that we will not become a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable
year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed taxable income, subject to certain adjustments.

 

U.S. Holders

 

This section is addressed to U.S. holders of our securities.
For purposes of this discussion, you are a “U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner of a security that is:

 


●an individual citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

 


●a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in, or under the laws of, the United States or
any state thereof or the District of Columbia; or

 


●an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source.

 

Dividends and Distributions

 

As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do
not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If we do make distributions on our common stock, such
distributions generally will be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated
earnings and profits. Distributions in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits generally will first reduce your
basis in the common stock (but not below zero) and then will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the
Class A common stock (as described in the first paragraph under “— Sale or Other Disposition or Conversion of Class
A common stock” below).

 

The conversion feature of the Class A common stock described
under “Proposed Business — Effecting a Business Combination — Conversion Rights” may be viewed as a position
with respect to substantially similar or related property which diminishes your risk of loss and thereby affects your ability to
satisfy the holding period requirements for the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend
income with respect to the time period prior to the approval of an initial business combination.

 

Sale or Other Disposition or Conversion
of Class A common stock

 

Gain or loss you realize on the sale or other disposition of
our Class A common stock (other than conversion into cash but including a liquidation in the event we do not consummate a business
combination within the required time) will be capital gain or loss. The amount of your gain or loss will be equal to the difference
between your tax basis in the Class A common stock disposed of and the amount realized on the disposition. The deductibility of
capital losses is subject to limitations. Any capital gain or loss you realize on a sale or other disposition of our Class A common
stock will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period for the Class A common stock is more than one year.
However, the conversion feature of the Class A common stock described under “Proposed Business — Effecting a Business
Combination — Conversion Rights” could affect your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the long-term
capital gain tax rate with respect to the time period prior to the approval of an initial business combination.

 



     104 
     
    

  

If you convert your Class A common stock into a right to receive
cash as described in “Proposed Business — Effecting a Business Combination — Conversion Rights,” the conversion
generally will be treated as a sale of Class A common stock described in the preceding paragraph (rather than as a dividend or
distribution). The conversion will, however, be treated as a dividend or distribution and taxed as described in “—
Dividends and Distributions” above if your percentage ownership in us (including shares that you are deemed to own under
certain attribution rules, such as the shares into which the warrants are exercisable) after the conversion is not meaningfully
reduced from what your percentage ownership was prior to the conversion. If you have a relatively minimal stock interest and, taking
into account the effect of conversion by other stockholders, your percentage ownership in us is reduced as a result of the conversion,
you may be regarded as having suffered a meaningful reduction in interest. For example, the IRS has ruled that any reduction in
the stockholder’s proportionate interest will constitute a “meaningful reduction” in a transaction in which a
holder held less than 1% of the shares of a corporation and did not have management control over the corporation. You should consult
your own tax advisor as to whether conversion of your Class A common stock will be treated as a sale or as a dividend under the
Code and, if you actually or constructively own 5% (or, if our stock is not then publicly traded, 1%) or more of our common stock
before conversion, whether you are subject to special reporting requirements with respect to such conversion.

 

Sale or Other Disposition, Exercise or
Expiration of Warrants

 

Upon the sale or other disposition of a warrant (other than
by exercise), you will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale
or other disposition and your tax basis in the warrant. This capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if, at
the time of the sale or other disposition, the warrant has been held by you for more than one year. The deductibility of capital
losses is subject to limitations.

 

In general, you will not be required to recognize income, gain
or loss upon exercise of a warrant for its exercise price. Your basis in a share of Class A common stock received upon exercise
will be equal to the sum of (1) your basis in the warrant and (2) the exercise price of the warrant. Your holding period in the
shares received upon exercise will commence on the day after you exercise the warrants. Although there is no direct legal authority
as to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis, we intend to take the position that
such exercise will not be taxable, either because the exercise is not a gain realization event or because it qualifies as a tax-free
recapitalization. In the former case, the holding period of the Class A common stock should commence on the day after the warrant
is exercised. In the latter case, the holding period of the Class A common stock would include the holding period of the exercised
warrants. However, our position is not binding on the IRS and the IRS may treat a cashless exercise of a warrant as a taxable exchange.
You are urged to consult your own tax advisor as to the consequences of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis.

 

If a warrant expires without being exercised, you will recognize
a capital loss in an amount equal to your basis in the warrant. Such loss will be long-term capital loss if, at the time of the
expiration, the warrant has been held by you for more than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

 



     105 
     
    

  

Constructive Dividends on Warrants

 

As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do
not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If at any time during the period you hold warrants, however,
we were to pay a taxable dividend to our stockholders and, in accordance with the anti-dilution provisions of the warrants, the
conversion rate of the warrants were increased, that increase would be deemed to be the payment of a taxable dividend to you to
the extent of our earnings and profits, notwithstanding the fact that you will not receive a cash payment. If the conversion rate
is adjusted in certain other circumstances (or in certain circumstances, there is a failure to make adjustments), such adjustments
may also result in the deemed payment of a taxable dividend to you. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the proper treatment
of any adjustments to the warrants.

 

Unearned Income Medicare Tax

 

A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax will generally apply to all
or some portion of the net investment income of a U.S. holder that is an individual with adjusted gross income that exceeds a threshold
amount ($250,000 if married filing jointly or if considered a “surviving spouse” for federal income tax purposes, $125,000
if married filing separately, and $200,000 in other cases). This 3.8% tax will also apply to all or some portion of the undistributed
net investment income of certain U.S. holders that are estates and trusts. For these purposes, dividends and gains from the taxable
dispositions of the Class A common stock and warrants will generally be taken into account in computing such a U.S. holder’s
net investment income.

 

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

 

Information returns may be filed with the IRS with respect to
dividends or other distributions we may pay to you and proceeds from the sale of your shares of Class A common stock or warrants.
You will be subject to backup withholding on these payments if you fail to provide your taxpayer identification number to the paying
agent and comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from backup withholding. Backup withholding
is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld with respect to your shares of Class A common stock or warrants under the backup
withholding rules will be refunded to you or credited against your United States federal income tax liability, if any, by the IRS
provided that certain required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner.

 

Non-U.S. Holders

 

This section is addressed to non-U.S. holders of the securities.
For purposes of this discussion, a “non-U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of a security (other than an entity treated
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is not a U.S. holder.

 

Dividends and Distributions

 

 As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above,
we do not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If, however, we were to pay taxable dividends
to you with respect to your shares of Class A common stock (including any deemed distributions treated as a dividend on the warrants,
as described in “— Constructive Dividends on Warrants” below), those dividends would generally be subject to
United States withholding tax at a rate of 30% of the gross amount, unless you are eligible for a reduced rate of withholding
tax under an applicable income tax treaty and you provide proper certification of your eligibility for such reduced rate (usually
on an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E). A distribution generally will constitute a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes
to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined under the Code. Any distribution not constituting
a dividend generally will be treated first as reducing your basis in your shares of Class A common stock and, to the extent it
exceeds your basis, as gain from the disposition of your shares of Class A common stock treated as described under “Sale
or Other Disposition of Class A common stock or Warrants” below. The full amount of any distributions to you may, however,
be subject to United States withholding tax unless the applicable withholding agent elects to withhold a lesser amount based on
a reasonable estimate of the amount of the distribution that would be treated as a dividend. In addition, if we determine that
we are likely to be classified as a “United States real property holding corporation”(see “Sale or Other Disposition
of Class A common stock or Warrants” below), we will withhold at least 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current
and accumulated earnings and profits as provided by the Code. 

 



     106 
     
    

  

Dividends we pay to you that are effectively connected with
your conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if certain income tax treaties apply, are attributable to a
United States permanent establishment maintained by you) generally will not be subject to United States withholding tax if you
comply with applicable certification and disclosure requirements (usually by providing an IRS Form W-8ECI). Instead, such dividends
generally will be subject to United States federal income tax, net of certain deductions, at the same graduated individual or corporate
rates applicable to United States persons. If you are a corporation, effectively connected income may also be subject to a “branch
profits tax” at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty).

 

Exercise of Warrants

 

You generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax
on the exercise of the warrants into shares of Class A common stock. However, if a cashless exercise of warrants results in a taxable
exchange, as described in “— U.S. Holders — Sale or Other Disposition, Exercise or Expiration of Warrants,”
the rules described below under “Sale or Other Disposition of Class A common stock or Warrants” would apply.

 

Sale or Other Disposition of Class A common
stock or Warrants

 

You generally will not be subject to United States federal income
tax on any gain realized upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of our Class A common stock (which would include a dissolution
and liquidation if we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required timeframe) or warrants (including an
expiration or redemption of our warrants), unless:

 


●the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, under certain income
tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment you maintain);

 


●you are an individual, you hold your shares of Class A common stock or warrants as capital assets, you are present in the United
States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition and you meet other conditions, and you are not eligible for relief
under an applicable income tax treaty; or

 


●we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for United States federal income tax purposes
and, in the case where the shares of our Class A common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, you hold
or have held, directly or indirectly, at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding disposition or your holding
period for your shares of Class A common stock or warrants, more than 5% of our Class A common stock. Special rules may apply to
the determination of the 5% threshold in the case of a holder of a warrant. You are urged to consult your own tax advisors regarding
the effect of holding the warrants on the calculation of such 5% threshold. We will be classified as a United States real property
holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50% of
the sum of (1) the fair market value of our United States real property interests, (2) the fair market value of our non-United
States real property interests and (3) the fair market value of any other of our assets which are used or held for use in our trade
or business. Although we currently are not a United States real property holding corporation, we cannot determine whether we will
be a United States real property holding corporation in the future until we consummate an initial business combination.

 

 Gain that is effectively connected with your conduct of
a trade or business within the United States generally will be subject to United States federal income tax, net of certain deductions,
at the same rates applicable to United States persons. If you are a corporation, the branch profits tax also may apply to such
effectively connected gain. If the gain from the sale or disposition of your shares of Class A common stock or warrants is effectively
connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States but under an applicable income tax treaty is not attributable
to a permanent establishment you maintain in the United States, your gain may be exempt from United States tax under the treaty.
If you are described in the second bullet point above, you generally will be subject to United States federal income tax at a
rate of 30% on the gain realized, although the gain may be offset by some United States source capital losses realized during
the same taxable year. If you are described in the third bullet point above, gain recognized by you on the sale, exchange or other
disposition of shares of Class A common stock or warrants will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at
normal graduated U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of your shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be
required to withhold United States income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. 

 



     107 
     
    

  

If you convert your Class A common stock into a right to receive
cash as described in “Proposed Business — Effecting a Business Combination — Conversion Rights,” the conversion
generally will be treated as a sale of Class A common stock rather than as a dividend or distribution. The conversion will, however,
be treated as a dividend or distribution and taxed as described in “Dividends and Distributions” if your percentage
ownership in us (including shares that you are deemed to own under certain attribution rules, such as the shares into which the
warrants are exercisable) after the conversion is not meaningfully reduced from what your percentage ownership was prior to the
conversion. See the discussion in “— U.S. Holders — Sale or Other Disposition or Conversion of Class A common
stock.” You should consult your own tax advisor as to whether conversion of your Class A common stock will be treated as
a sale or as a dividend under the Code.

 

Constructive Dividends on Warrants

 

As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do
not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If at any time during the period you hold warrants, however,
we were to pay a taxable dividend to our stockholders and, in accordance with the anti-dilution provisions of the warrants, the
conversion rate of the warrants were increased, that increase would be deemed to be the payment of a taxable dividend to you to
the extent of our earnings and profits, notwithstanding the fact that you will not receive a cash payment. If the conversion rate
is adjusted in certain other circumstances (or in certain circumstances, there is a failure to make adjustments), such adjustments
may also result in the deemed payment of a taxable dividend to you. Any resulting withholding tax attributable to deemed dividends
would be collected from other amounts payable or distributable to you. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the proper
treatment of any adjustments to the warrants.

 

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

 

We must report annually to the IRS the amount of dividends or
other distributions we may pay to you on your shares of Class A common stock and the amount of tax we withhold on any such distributions
regardless of whether withholding is required. The IRS may make copies of the information returns reporting those dividends and
amounts withheld available to the tax authorities in the country in which you reside pursuant to the provisions of an applicable
income tax treaty or exchange of information treaty.

 

The United States imposes backup withholding on dividends and
certain other types of payments to United States persons. You will not be subject to backup withholding on dividends you receive
on your shares of Class A common stock if you provide proper certification (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E) of
your status as a non-United States person or you are a corporation or one of several types of entities and organizations that qualify
for exemption (an “exempt recipient”).

 

Information reporting and backup withholding generally are not
required with respect to the amount of any proceeds from the sale of your shares of Class A common stock or warrants outside the
United States through a foreign office of a foreign broker that does not have certain specified connections to the United States.
However, if you sell your shares of Class A common stock or warrants through a United States broker or the United States office
of a foreign broker, the broker will be required to report to the IRS the amount of proceeds paid to you unless you provide appropriate
certification (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E) to the broker of your status as a non-United States person or you
are an exempt recipient. Information reporting also would apply if you sell your shares of Class A common stock or warrants through
a foreign broker deriving more than a specified percentage of its income from United States sources or having certain other connections
to the United States.

 



     108 
     
    

  

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld
with respect to your shares of Class A common stock or warrants under the backup withholding rules will be refunded to you or credited
against your United States federal income tax liability, if any, by the IRS provided that certain required information is furnished
to the IRS in a timely manner.

 

Estate Tax

 

Class A common stock owned or treated as owned by an individual
who is not a citizen or resident (as defined for United States federal estate tax purposes) of the United States at the time of
his or her death, or by an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an individual’s gross estate, will
be included in the individual’s gross estate for United States federal estate tax purposes and therefore may be subject to
United States federal estate tax unless an applicable estate tax treaty provides otherwise. The foregoing may also apply to warrants.

 

FATCA

 

A 30% withholding tax will be imposed on payments to certain
foreign entities of U.S.-source dividends and the gross proceeds of dispositions of stock (including our securities) that can produce
U.S.-source dividends, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (generally relating to ownership
by U.S. persons of interests in or accounts with those entities) have been satisfied or an exemption has otherwise been established.
This withholding tax will not apply, however, to payments of gross proceeds from dispositions of stock before January 1, 2019.
Potential investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this withholding tax on their investment
in the units.

 



     109 
     
    

  

UNDERWRITING

 

We are offering the units described in this prospectus through
the underwriters named below. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. is acting as representative of the underwriters. We have entered into an underwriting
agreement with the representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters have agreed
to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, the number of units listed next to each of its name in the following
table:

 



    Underwriter 
    Number of  Units 

    EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
       

    Total 
     5,000,000 


 

The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters must
buy all of the units if they buy any of them. However, the underwriters are not required to purchase the units covered by the option
to purchase additional units as described below.

 

Our units are offered subject to a number of conditions, including:

 


●receipt and acceptance of our units by the underwriters; and

 


●the underwriters’ right to reject orders in whole or in part.

 

In connection with this offering, the underwriters or securities
dealers may distribute prospectuses electronically.

 

Option To Purchase Additional Units

 

We have granted the underwriters an option to buy up to an aggregate
of 750,000 additional units. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of this prospectus to exercise this option. If the underwriters
exercise this option, they will purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above.

 

Underwriting Discount

 

Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially
be offered at the initial offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. All investors in this offering will pay the
same price and receive the same terms. Any units sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up
to $             per unit from the initial public offering price and the dealers may reallow a concession
not in excess of $               per unit to other dealers. Sales of units made outside of the United
States may be made by affiliates of the underwriters. Upon execution of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will be obligated
to purchase the units at the prices and upon the terms stated therein, and, as a result, will thereafter bear any risk associated
with changing the offering price to the public or other selling terms.

 

The following table shows the per unit and total underwriting
discount we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase
up to 750,000 additional units.

 



      
    No Exercise  
    Full Exercise 

    Per Unit 
    $0.25  
    $0.25 

    Total 
    $1,250,000  
    $1,437,500 


 

We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable
by us, not including the underwriting discount, will be approximately $500,000. In addition, we have agreed to pay for the FINRA-related
fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $15,000, the expenses of investigations and background
checks, not to exceed $25,000 in the aggregate, and lucite cube mementos not to exceed $3,000.

 



     110 
     
    

  

We have paid EarlyBirdCapital $25,000 as an advance against
its actual out-of-pocket expenses. To the extent that the out-of-pocket expenses are less than this advance, EarlyBirdCapital will
refund the excess to us.

 

Lock-up Arrangements

 

Our initial stockholder has agreed not to transfer, assign,
sell or release from escrow 50% of the founders’ shares until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our business combination, the last sales price of our common stock equals or
exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period, and the remaining 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released
from escrow until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted
transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders”).

 

Additionally, our sponsor has agreed that the founders’
units and their underlying securities (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the founders’ warrants)
will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect
to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders”).

 

Indemnification

 

We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against certain
liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we have
agreed to contribute to payments the underwriter may be required to make in respect of those liabilities.

 

NASDAQ Listing

 

We intend to apply to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “MTECU” and, once the Class A common stock and warrants begin separate trading, to be listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “MTEC” and “MTECW,” respectively.

 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement

 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection
with our business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential business combination
and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities,
assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings
in connection with the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of
our initial business combination in an amount equal to 4% of the aggregate amount sold to the public in this offering (exclusive
of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable).

 



     111 
     
    

  

Purchase Option

 

We have agreed to sell to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees),
for $100, an option to purchase up to a total of 250,000 units exercisable at $10.00 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of
$2,500,000) upon the closing of this offering. The purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s
option, at any time during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part and the closing of our initial business combination and terminating on the fifth
anniversary of such effectiveness date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital has agreed that neither it nor
its designees will be permitted to exercise the option or the warrants underlying the option after the five year anniversary of
the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The option and such units purchased pursuant
to the option, as well as the shares of common stock underlying such units, the warrants included in such units and the shares
of common stock that are issuable for the warrants included in such units have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore
subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1),
these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the
economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period
of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part except
to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants
to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date
of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of
the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering
the securities, other than underwriting commissions, which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number
of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary
shares at a price below its exercise price. We will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the purchase option or
the rights or warrants underlying the purchase option. The holder of the purchase option will not be entitled to exercise the purchase
option or the warrants underlying the purchase option unless a registration statement covering the securities underlying the purchase
option is effective or an exemption from registration is available. If the holder is unable to exercise the purchase option or
underlying warrants, the purchase option or warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless.

 

Price Stabilization, Short Positions

 

In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage
in activities that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of units during and after this offering, including:

 


●stabilizing transactions;

 


●short sales;

 


●purchases to cover positions created by short sales;

 


●imposition of penalty bids; and

 


●syndicate covering transactions.

 

Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases made for
the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units while this offering is in progress. Stabilization
transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.
These transactions may also include making short sales of our units, which involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number
of units than they are required to purchase in this offering and purchasing units on the open market to cover short positions created
by short sales. Short sales may be “covered short sales,” which are short positions in an amount not greater than the
underwriters’ option to purchase additional units referred to above, or may be “naked short sales,” which are
short positions in excess of that amount.

 

The underwriters may close out any covered short position by
either exercising their option, in whole or in part, or by purchasing units in the open market. In making this determination, the
underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the
price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option.

 



     112 
     
    

  

Naked short sales are short sales made in excess of the over-allotment
option. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position
is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in
the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchased in this offering.

 

The underwriters also may impose a penalty bid. This occurs
when a particular underwriter repays to the representative of the underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received
by it because the representative has repurchased units sold by or for the account of that underwriter in stabilizing or short covering
transactions.

 

These stabilizing transactions, short sales, purchases to cover
positions created by short sales, the imposition of penalty bids and syndicate covering transactions may have the effect of raising
or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units. As a result
of these activities, the price of our units may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. The underwriters
may carry out these transactions on the Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Neither we nor the underwriters make
any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the units. Neither
we, nor the underwriters, make any representation that the underwriter will engage in these stabilization transactions or that
any transaction, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.

 

Determination of Offering Price

 

Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our units.
The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiation between us and the representative of the underwriters. The
principal factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price include:

 


●the information set forth in this prospectus and otherwise available to the representative;

 


●our history and prospects and the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete;

 


●our past and present financial performance;

 


●our prospects for future earnings and the present state of our development;

 


●the general condition of the securities market at the time of this offering;

 


●the recent market prices of, and demand for, publicly traded units of generally comparable companies; and

 


●other factors deemed relevant by the underwriters and us.

 

The estimated public offering price range set forth on the cover
page of this preliminary prospectus is subject to change as a result of market conditions and other factors. Neither we nor the
underwriters can assure investors that an active trading market will develop for our units, warrants or Class A common stock or
that the units will trade in the public market at or above the initial public offering price.

 



     113 
     
    

  

Affiliations

 

EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and its affiliates are full service financial
institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial
advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and its affiliates may from time to time in the future engage with us and perform services for us or in the ordinary course
of their business for which they will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities,
the underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and
for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of
us. The underwriters and its affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research
views in respect of these securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or
short positions in these securities and instruments.

 

Additional Future Arrangements

 

Except as described above under “Business Combination
Marketing Agreement,” we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services
for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, the underwriters may introduce us to potential target
businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this
offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length
negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any underwriter and no fees for such services will be paid to
any underwriter prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment
would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering.

 

Electronic Distribution

 

A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the
Internet sites or through other online services maintained by the underwriters participating in this offering, or by their affiliates.
In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and, depending upon the particular underwriter, prospective
investors may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of units for
sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the
same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on any underwriter’s website
and any information contained in any other website maintained by an underwriter is not part of the prospectus or the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity
as underwriter and should not be relied upon by investors.

 

Selling Restrictions

 

Canada

 

Resale Restrictions

 

We intend to distribute our securities in the Province of Ontario,
Canada (the “Canadian Offering Jurisdiction”) by way of a private placement and exempt from the requirement that we
prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in such Canadian Offering Jurisdiction. Any resale of
our securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws that will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and
which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable
Canadian securities regulatory authority. Canadian resale restrictions in some circumstances may apply to resales of interests
made outside of Canada. Canadian purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of our securities. We may never
be a “reporting issuer”, as such term is defined under applicable Canadian securities legislation, in any province
or territory of Canada in which our securities will be offered and there currently is no public market for any of the securities
in Canada, and one may never develop. Canadian investors are advised that we have no intention to file a prospectus or similar
document with any securities regulatory authority in Canada qualifying the resale of the securities to the public in any province
or territory in Canada.

 



     114 
     
    

  

Representations of Purchasers

 

A Canadian purchaser will be required to represent to us and
the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that:

 


●the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase our securities without the benefit of a prospectus
qualified under those securities laws;

 


●where required by law, that the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent;

 


●the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions; and

 


●the purchaser acknowledges and consents to the provision of specified information concerning its purchase of our securities
to the regulatory authority that by law is entitled to collect the information.

 

Rights of Action — Ontario Purchasers Only

 

Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who
purchase a security offered by this prospectus during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages,
or while still the owner of our securities, for rescission against us in the event that this prospectus contains a misrepresentation
without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation. The right of action for damages is exercisable not later
than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and
three years from the date on which payment is made for our securities. The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later
than 180 days from the date on which payment is made for our securities. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action
for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against us. In no case will the amount recoverable in any
action exceed the price at which our securities were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have purchased the
securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation, we will have no liability. In the case of an action for damages, we will not
be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not represent the depreciation in value of our securities as
a result of the misrepresentation relied upon. These rights are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or
remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser. The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser.
Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory provisions.

 

Enforcement of Legal Rights

 

All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named
herein are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process
within Canada upon us or those persons. All of our assets and the assets of those persons are located outside of Canada and, as
a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained
in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada.

 

Collection of Personal Information

 

If a Canadian purchaser is resident in or otherwise subject
to the securities laws of the Province of Ontario, the Purchaser authorizes the indirect collection of personal information pertaining
to the Canadian purchaser by the Ontario Securities Commission (the “OSC”) and each Canadian purchaser will be required
to acknowledge and agree that the Canadian purchaser has been notified by us (i) of the delivery to the OSC of personal information
pertaining to the Canadian purchaser, including, without limitation, the full name, residential address and telephone number of
the Canadian purchaser, the number and type of securities purchased and the total purchase price paid in respect of the securities,
(ii) that this information is being collected indirectly by the OSC under the authority granted to it in securities legislation,
(iii) that this information is being collected for the purposes of the administration and enforcement of the securities legislation
of Ontario, and (iv) that the title, business address and business telephone number of the public official in Ontario who can answer
questions about the OSC’s indirect collection of the information is the Administrative Assistant to the Director of Corporate
Finance, the Ontario Securities Commission, Suite 1903, Box 5520, Queen Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 3S8, Telephone: (416)
593-8086, Facsimile: (416) 593-8252.

 



     115 
     
    

  

Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia

 

No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement
or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in
relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document
under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required
for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.

 

Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons
(the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the
Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise
pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the shares without
disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.

 

The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must
not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances
where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section
708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D
of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions.

 

This prospectus contains general information only and does not
take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain
any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether
the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert
advice on those matters.

 

Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International
Financial Centre

 

This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with
the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution
only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by,
any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The
DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for
the prospectus. The shares to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers of the shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you do not understand the contents of
this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.

 

Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic
Area

 

In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area
that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the
date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”),
an offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state prior to the publication
of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where
appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all
in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the relevant implementation date, an offer
of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time:

 



     116 
     
    

  


●to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive;

 


●to fewer than 100, or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive,
150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus
Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer;
or natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined below) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter
for any such offer; or

 


●in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus
Directive.

 

Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located
within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor”
within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive.

 

For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer
to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information
on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units,
as the expression may be varied in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that member state,
and the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the PD 2010
Amending Directive to the extent implemented by the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each
relevant member state, and the expression 2010 PD Amending Directive means Directive 2010/73/EU. We have not authorized and do
not authorize the making of any offer of units through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the
underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the
units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters.

 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland

 

The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will
not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland.
This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156
of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules
or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other
offering or marketing material relating to the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available
in Switzerland.

 

Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material
relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority.
In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market
Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act
on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective
investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares.

 



     117 
     
    

  

Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom

 

This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed
at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive
that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial
Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated,
falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as a “relevant person”).
The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged
in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced
(in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that
is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.

 

Notice to Prospective Investors in France

 

Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating
to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés
Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité
des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly,
to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be:

 


●released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or

 


●used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France.

 

Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France
only:

 


●to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs),
in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1,
D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier;

 


●to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or

 


●in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire
et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés
Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne).

 

The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance
with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong

 

The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of
any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies
Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result
in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and
no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the
purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to
be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect
to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors”
within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.

 



     118 
     
    

  

Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan

 

The units have not been and will not be registered under the
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold,
directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or
indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines
promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this
paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized
under the laws of Japan.

 

Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore

 

This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered
or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore
other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the
“SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of,
any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA.

 

Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275
of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

 


●shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

 


●to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2)
of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures
of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its
equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities
or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA;

 


●where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or

 


●where the transfer is by operation of law.

 

LEGAL MATTERS

 

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York, is acting
as our counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass upon the
validity of the securities offered in this offering. Graubard Miller, New York, New York, is acting as counsel to the underwriters.

 

EXPERTS

 

 The financial statements of MTech Acquisition Corp. at December
31, 2017 and for the period from September 27, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 included in this Prospectus have been
audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an
explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of MTech Acquisition Corp. to continue as a going concern
as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such
report given upon such firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 

 



     119 
     
    

  

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 

We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form
S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain
all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should
refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference
in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include
a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to
the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.

 

Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the
information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facility at
100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.

 

You may also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates
by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330
for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities.

 



     120 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 



       
       
     Page 

     Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     F-2 

     Balance
    Sheet 
       
     F-3 

     Statement
    of Operations 
       
     F-4 

     Statement
    of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity 
       
     F-5 

     Statement
    of Cash Flows 
       
     F-6 

     Notes
    to Financial Statements 
       
     F-7
    – F-15 

 



     F-1 
     
    

 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 MTech Acquisition Corp. 

   

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

   

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of MTech Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2017, the related statements of operations, stockholder’s
equity and cash flows for the period from September 27, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from September 27, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 

 Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern 

   

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company’s cash and working capital as of December
31, 2017 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 Basis for Opinion 

   

 These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   



     Marcum llp 
       

       
       

     /s/  Marcum
    LLP 
       



   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2017. 

   

 New York, NY 

 January 22, 2018 

 



     F-2 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION
CORP.

 

BALANCE SHEET

 

 December 31, 2017 

 



     ASSETS    
          

     Current asset – cash    
     $  25,217    

     Deferred offering costs    
        134,478    

     Total Assets    
     $  159,695    

          
             

     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S
    EQUITY    
             

     Current liabilities    
             

     Accounts payable and accrued expenses    
     $  746    

     Accrued offering costs    
        5,507    

     Advances from related party    
        130,000    

     Total Current
    Liabilities    
        136,253    

          
             

     Commitments    
             

          
             

     Stockholder’s Equity    
             

     Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares
    authorized; none issued and outstanding    
        —    

     Class A Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 15,000,000
    shares authorized; none issued and outstanding    
        —    

     Class
    B Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 3,000,000 shares authorized; 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding(1)    
        144    

     Additional paid-in capital    
        24,856    

     Accumulated deficit    
        (1,558  ) 

     Total Stockholder’s
    Equity    
        23,442    

     TOTAL LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY    
     $  159,695    


 


(1)Includes an aggregate of 187,500 shares held by the initial stockholder
                                         that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment
                                         is not exercised in full (Note 7).

 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements.

 



     F-3 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION
CORP.

 

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

 

 For the period from September 27,
2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 

 



     Formation and operating
    costs    
     $  1,558    

     Net Loss    
     $  (1,558  ) 

          
             

     Weighted
    average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)    
        1,250,000    

          
             

     Basic and
    diluted net loss per common share    
     $  0.00    


 


(1)Excludes an aggregate of 187,500 shares held by the initial stockholder
                                         that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment
                                         is not exercised in full (Note 7).

 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements.

 



     F-4 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION
CORP.

 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S
EQUITY

 

 For the period from September 27,
2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 

 



          
     Common
    Stock(1)       
     Additional
    Paid-in       
     Accumulated       
     Total
    Stockholder’s    

          
     Shares       
     Amount       
     Capital       
     Deficit       
     Equity    

     Balance – September 27, 2017 (inception)    
        —       
     $  —       
     $  —       
     $  —       
     $  —    

          
                
                
                
                
             

     Issuance
    of common stock to initial stockholder(1)    
        1,437,500       
        144       
        24,856       
        —       
        25,000    

          
                
                
                
                
             

     Net loss    
        —       
        —       
        —       
        (1,558  )    
        (1,558  ) 

          
                
                
                
                
             

     Balance – December 31,
    2017    
        1,437,500       
     $  144       
     $  24,856       
     $  (1,558  )    
     $  23,442    



  


(1)Includes an aggregate of 187,500 shares held by the initial stockholder
                                         that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment
                                         is not exercised in full (Note 7).

 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements.

 



     F-5 
     
    

 

MTECH
ACQUISITION CORP.

 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS

 

 For
the Period from September 27, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 

 



     Cash Flows from Operating Activities:    
             

     Net loss    
     $  (1,558  ) 

     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:    
             

     Accounts payable and accrued
    expenses    
        746    

     Net cash used
    in operating activities    
        (812  ) 

          
             

     Cash Flows from Financing Activities:    
             

     Proceeds from issuance of common stock to initial
    stockholder    
        25,000    

     Advances from related party    
        130,000    

     Payment of offering costs    
        (128,971  ) 

     Net cash provided
    by financing activities    
        26,029    

          
             

     Net Change in Cash    
        25,217    

     Cash – Beginning    
        —    

     Cash – Ending    
     $  25,217    

     Non-cash investing and financing activities:    
             

     Offering
    costs included in accrued offering costs    
     $  5,507    


 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements.

 



     F-6 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS

 

MTech Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated
in Delaware on September 27, 2017. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization, or other similar business transaction, one or more operating businesses
or assets that the Company has not yet identified (a “Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to
a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on
businesses ancillary to the cannabis industry, with a particular sector focus that includes compliance, business intelligence,
brand development and media.

 

 At December 31, 2017, the Company had not yet commenced
operations. All activity through December 31, 2017 relates to the Company’s formation and the Proposed Offering, which is
described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 



 

The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent
upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed initial public offering of 5,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit (or
5,750,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (“Units”), which is discussed
in Note 3 (the “Proposed Offering”) and the sale of 225,000 Units (or 243,750 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is exercised in full) (the “Founder Units”) at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement to MTech Sponsor,
LLC (the “Sponsor”) that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Offering. The Company’s management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Offering and Founder Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company’s
initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of taxes payable) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter
into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company
owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as
amended, or the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Offering, management has agreed that $10.00 per Unit sold in the Proposed Offering
and the proceeds from the sale of the Founder Units will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity
of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions
of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business
Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account
can be released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations.

 

The Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Proposed Offering (the “Public
Shares”) upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will
be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately
$10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company to pay franchise and income its tax obligations). The common stock subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” The Company will proceed with
a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by
law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, officers and directors (the
“Initial Stockholders”) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Placement Shares (as defined
in Note 4) and any Public Shares held by them in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.

 



     F-7 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

If the Company seeks stockholder approval of
a Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation will not provide that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), holding in excess
of a certain percentage of shares offered in the Proposed Offering will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to any shares they hold in excess of such percentage.

 

The Company will have until 18 months from the closing of the
Proposed Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). However, if the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned (less amounts previously released to pay taxes and less interest to pay up to $15,000 of dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law,
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders
and the Company’s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the
Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law.

 

The Initial Stockholders have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares,
Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares and Placement Shares if the Company fails
to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period and (iii) not to propose an amendment to the Company’s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to
redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, the Initial Stockholders
will be entitled to liquidating distributions with respect to any Public Shares acquired if the Company fails to consummate a Business
Combination or liquidates within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value
of the assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the $10.00 per Unit in the
Proposed Offering.

 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account,
Mr. Steven Van Dyke, the Company’s Chairman, has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a
vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect
to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Mr. Van Dyke will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that Mr. Van Dyke
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

 

Going Concern Consideration

 

 At December 31, 2017, the Company had $25,217 in cash and
a working capital deficit of $111,036. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit
of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty
through a Proposed Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to
consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has received
an aggregate of $130,000 in advances from the Sponsor for costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Offering. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 



 



     F-8 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

 

Basis of presentation

 

The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the SEC.

 

Emerging growth company

 

The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as
defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS
Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging
growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is
neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period
difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

 

Use of estimates

 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period.

 

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant
judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in
the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from our
estimates.

 

Cash and cash equivalents

 

 The Company considers all short-term investments with an
original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2017. 

 



     F-9 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

Deferred offering costs

 

Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting
and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Offering and that will be
charged to stockholders’ equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering. Should the Proposed Offering prove to be unsuccessful,
these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.

 

Income taxes

 

The Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements
of ASC Topic 740 “Income Taxes,” which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting
for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and
tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates
applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established,
when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

 

 ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December
31, 2017, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 



 

The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal,
state and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing
and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal, state and city tax
laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change
over the next twelve months.

 

 The provision for income taxes was deemed to be immaterial
for the period ended December 31, 2017. 



 

Net loss per common share

 

 The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements
ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for the period, excluding shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor.
Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 187,500 shares of Class B common stock that are subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 7). At December 31, 2017, the Company
did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock
and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common
share for the periods. 



 

Concentration of credit risk

 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company
to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the Federal depository
insurance coverage of $250,000. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 



 

Fair value of financial instruments

 

The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities,
which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature.

 



     F-10 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

Recently issued accounting standards

 

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not
yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.

 

Subsequent events

 

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that
occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company
did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

 

3. PROPOSED OFFERING

 

 In the Proposed Offering, the Company will offer for sale
5,000,000 units, (or 5,750,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a purchase price
of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one share of Class A common stock and one warrant (“Public Warrant”).
Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 (see Note
7). 

 

4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT

 

 In connection with the Proposed Offering, the Sponsor has
committed to purchase an aggregate of 225,000 Founder Units (or up to a maximum of 243,750 Founder Units if the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $10.00 per Founder Unit ($2,250,000 in the aggregate, or $2,437,500 in the aggregate
if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the consummation
of the Proposed Offering. Each Founder Unit will consist of one share of Class A common stock (“Placement Share”)
and one warrant (each, a “Placement Warrant”), each Placement Warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Class A
common stock at an exercise price of $11.50. The proceeds from the Founder Units will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed
Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,
the proceeds of the sale of the Founder Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Founder Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

 

5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

 

Founder Shares

 

In September 2017, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,437,500
shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor (“Founder Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. The Founder
Shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustments as described in Note 7.

 

The 1,437,500 Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to
187,500 shares subject to forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is
not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Stockholders will own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company’s
issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Offering (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares
in the Proposed Offering and excluding the Founder Units).

 

The Sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions,
50% of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned or sold until one year after the date of the consummation of a Business
Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the last sales price of the Company’s Class A common stock
equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after a Business Combination, and the remaining 50% of its Founder Shares
will not be transferred, assigned or sold until one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination. All of
the Founder Shares may be released from escrow earlier than as described above if, within that time period, the Company consummates
a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

 



     F-11 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

Related Party Advances

 

 As of December 31, 2017, the Company received an aggregate
of $130,000 in advances from the Sponsor for costs associated with the Proposed Offering. The advances are non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due on demand. The Company intends to repay the advances from the proceeds of the Proposed Offering not being placed
in the Trust Account. 



 

Administrative Service Fee

 

The Company has agreed, commencing on the effective date of
the Proposed Offering through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, to
pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support.

 

Related Party Loans

 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a
Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Company’s officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to,
loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). Each Working
Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The Working Capital Loans would either be paid upon consummation of a Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be converted
into Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. The Units would be identical to the Founder Units.

 

6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

 

Registration Rights

 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Founder Units (and their underlying securities), and any Units that may
be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and their underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights
pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Offering. The holders
of a majority of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands that the Company register such securities. The holders
of the majority of the Founders Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which the shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Founder Units
or Units issued to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company
(in each case, including the underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company
consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders will have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with
respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company
to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement
will provide that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until
termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements.

 

Underwriters Agreement

 

The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to
purchase up to 750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts
and commissions.

 

The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount
of two and one-half percent (2.5%) of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or $1,250,000 (or up to $1,437,500 if the underwriters’
over-allotment is exercised in full).

 



     F-12 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement

 

The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EBC”)
as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss
a potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that
are interested in purchasing securities, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and
assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will pay
EBC a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 4% of the aggregate amount
sold to the public in the Proposed Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable).

 

Unit Purchase Option

 

 The Company has agreed to sell EBC (and/or its designees),
for $100, an option to purchase up to 250,000 Units exercisable at $10.00 per Unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,500,000)
commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Offering
and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at
the holder’s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed
Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to those offered in the Proposed Offering. The Company
intends to account for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Proposed
Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders’ equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of this unit
purchase option is approximately $857,862 (or $3.43 per Unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of
the unit purchase option to be granted to the underwriters is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions:
(1) expected volatility of 35%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 2.20% and (3) expected life of five years. The option and such
units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the shares of common stock underlying such units, the warrants included in
such units, and the shares of common stock underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore
subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s Conduct Rules. Additionally, the option may not be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date
of Proposed Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Proposed Offering and their bona fide
officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years,
respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act
of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant
to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise
price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a stock dividend, or the Company’s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will
not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

 

7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY

 

 Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized
to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2017, there were no shares of
preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

 

 Class A Common Stock — The Company is
authorized to issue 15,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company’s
Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2017, there were no shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

 

 Class B Common Stock — The Company is
authorized to issue 3,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company’s
Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2017, there were 1,437,500 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, of which 187,500 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter’s over-allotment
option is not exercised in full so that the Initial Stockholders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed
Offering (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Offering and excluding the Founder
Units). 

 



     F-13 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert
into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as follows.
In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess
of the amounts offered in the Proposed Offering in connection with the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares
of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance)
so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion
of the Proposed Offering (not including Placement Shares) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or
to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination or pursuant to Units (and their underlying securities) issued to the Sponsor
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, after taking into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection
with a Business Combination.

 

Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will
vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law.

 

 Warrants —The
Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months
from the closing of the Proposed Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus
relating to them is available. The Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration,
under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will
use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and
a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall
have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided
by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption,
is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five
years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 

The Company may redeem the Public Warrants:

 


•in whole and not in part;


•at a price of $0.01 per warrant;


•at any time during the exercise period;


•upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption;
                                         and


•if, and only if, the last sale price of the Company’s
                                         Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within
                                         a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
                                         Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.


•If, and only if, there is a current registration statement
                                         in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants.

 

The Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants
underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering, except that the Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Placement Warrants will be exercisable on
a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the
Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Placement Warrants
will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

 



     F-14 
     
    

 

MTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 27,
2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a
“cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a
stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for
issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required
to net cash settle the warrants. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with
respect to the Company’s warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the
Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.

 



     F-15 
     
    

     

5,000,000
Units

 

MTech Acquisition Corp.

 



 



 

PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS

 



 

 

                 ,
2018 

 

Sole Book-Running Manager

EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc.

 

 Until                 ,
2018 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our common stock, whether or not participating
in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus
when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.  

 



     
     
    

  

PART II

 

INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

 

Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.

 

The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the
offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:

 



    SEC Registration Fee 
     7,471 

    FINRA filing fee 
     9,875 

    Accounting fees and expenses 
     35,000 

    Nasdaq listing fees 
     50,000 

    Printing and engraving expenses 
     30,000 

    Directors & Officers liability insurance premiums 
     75,000 

    Legal fees and expenses 
     200,000 

    Miscellaneous 
     92,654(1)

    Total 
    $500,000 


 



 




(1)This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the Company in connection with the offering over and above
those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs.

 

Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that all directors,
officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

 

Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning
indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.

 

“Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors,
employees and agents; insurance.

 


(a)A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action
by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if
the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s
conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and
in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.

 



     II-1 
     
    

  


(b)A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact
that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense
or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent
that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite
the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

 


(c)To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise
in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim,
issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection therewith.

 


(d)Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation
only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee
or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections
(a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time
of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though
less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than
a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion,
or (4) by the stockholders.

 


(e)Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action,
suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall
ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid
upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.

 


(f)The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section
shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled
under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.

 


(g)A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such
person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the
corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.

 



     II-2 
     
    

  


(h)For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation,
any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate
existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that
any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request
of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation
as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

 


(i)For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references
to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references
to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent
of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to
an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably
believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted
in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.

 


(j)The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided
when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure
to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

 


(k)The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses
or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or
otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’
fees).”

 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any
action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

 

Paragraph B of Article Eighth of our certificate of incorporation
provides:

 

“The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section
145 of the GCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action,
suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation
in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director
or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation
as authorized hereby.”

 

Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1
to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the Underwriters and the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against
certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities
Act.

 



     II-3 
     
    

  

Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.

 


(a)During the past three years, we sold the following shares of Class B common stock without registration under the Securities
Act:

 



    Stockholder 
    Number of Shares 

    MTech Sponsor LLC 
     1,437,500 


 

Such shares were issued in September 2017 in connection with
our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as the shares were
sold to an accredited investor. The shares issued were sold for an aggregate offering price of $25,000 at an average purchase price
of approximately $0.017 per share.

 

Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of
225,000 units, or “founders’ units,” at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $2,250,000) in a private
placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment
option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional founders’ units (up to a
maximum of 18,750 founders’ units) at a price of $10.00 per founders’ unit in an amount that is necessary to maintain
in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional founders’ units will be purchased
in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment
option. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act.

 

No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect
to such sales.

 



     II-4 
     
    

  

Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

 


(a)The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:

 



     Exhibit
    No. 
       
     Description 

     1.1 
       
     Form of Underwriting
    Agreement.** 

     1.2 
       
     Form of Letter
    Agreement     between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital.** 

     3.1 
       
     Certificate
    of Incorporation.* 

     3.2 
       
     Form of Amended
    and     Restated     Certificate of Incorporation.** 

     3.3 
       
     By-laws.* 

     4.1 
       
     Specimen Unit
    Certificate.** 

     4.2 
       
     Specimen Class
    A Common Stock Certificate.** 

     4.3 
       
     Specimen Warrant
    Certificate.** 

     4.4 
       
     Form of Warrant
    Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.** 

     4.5 
       
     Form of Unit
    Purchase Option between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.** 

     5.1 
       
     Opinion of Ellenoff
    Grossman & Schole LLP.** 

     10.1(a) 
       
     Form of Letter
    Agreement for the Registrant’s sponsor.** 

     10.1(b) 
       
     Form of Letter
    Agreement for each of the Registrant’s other officers and directors.** 

     10.2 
       
     Form of Investment
    Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.** 

     10.3 
       
     Form of Stock
    Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Initial Stockholder.** 

     10.4 
       
     Form of Registration
    Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholder.** 

     10.5 
       
     Unit Subscription
    Agreement, by and between the Registrant and the Initial Stockholder, for founders’ units.** 

     10.6 
       
     Form of Administrative
    Services Agreement.** 

     10.7 
       
     Securities
    Subscription Agreement, dated October 20, 2017, between the Registrant and MTech Sponsor LLC.** 

     10.9 
       
     Form of Indemnity
    Agreement.** 

     14 
       
     Code of Ethics.** 

     23.1 
       
     Consent
    of Marcum LLP.** 

     23.2 
       
     Consent of Ellenoff
    Grossman & Schole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).** 

     24 
       
     Power
    of Attorney.* 

     99.1 
       
     Consent of Emily
    Paxhia.** 

     99.2 
       
     Consent of Anthony
    Georgiadis.** 

     99.3 
       
     Consent of W.
    Jake Bergmann.** 

     99.4 
       
     Form of Audit
    Committee Charter.** 

     99.5 
       
     Form of Compensation
    Committee Charter.** 

     99.6 
       
     Form of Nominating
    Committee Charter.** 

 



 






 *  Previously
                                         filed. 






 **  Filed
                                         herewith. 







  



     II-5 
     
    

  

Item 17. Undertakings.

 


(a)The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

 


(1)To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

 


i.To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;

 


ii.To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most
recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information
set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered
(if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or
high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate
offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement;

 


iii.To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
or any material change to such information in the registration statement.

 


(2)That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall
be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at
that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

 


(3)To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold
at the termination of the offering.

 


(4)That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the
undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities
to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the
undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:

 


(i)Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424;

 


(ii)Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred
to by the undersigned registrant;

 


(iii)The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned
registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and

 


(iv)Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.

 


(b)The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates
in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.

 



     II-6 
     
    

  


(c)Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers
and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that
in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act
and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment
by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed
in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

 


(d)The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:

 


(1)For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus
filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement
as of the time it was declared effective.

 


(2)For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains
a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering
of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

 



     II-7 
     
    

  

SIGNATURES

 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
the registrant has duly caused this amendment to the registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized, in the City of Orlando, State of Florida, on the 22nd day of January, 2018. 

 



     
     
    MTech Acquisition Corp.

     
     
     
     
     

     
     
    By:
     
    /s/ Scott
    Sozio

     
     
     
     
    Name: Scott Sozio

     
     
     
     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer,

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

 





     Name 
       
     Position 
       
     Date 

       
       
       
       
       

     /s/ Steven Van Dyke* 
       
     Chairman of the Board  
       
     January 22, 2018 

     Steven Van Dyke 
       
       
       
       

       
       
       
       
       

     /s/ Scott Sozio 
       
     Chief Executive Officer and Director 
       
     January 22, 2018 

     Scott Sozio 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       

       
       
       
       
       

     /s/ Tahira Rehmatullah* 
       
     Chief Financial Officer  
       
     January 22, 2018 

     Tahira Rehmatullah 
       
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
       
       

       
       
       
       
       

     *By:   
     Scott Sozio 
       
       
       
       

                
     Scott Sozio 
       
       
       
       

                
     Attorney-in-Fact 
       
       
       
       



   






     II-8 
    

 





